The official said that members of the cartel used to store drugs at a house in a posh colony of Greater Noida.  The Special Cell of Delhi police has busted a three-man international drug cartel involving two Nigerians and an Ivorian supplying banned substances across India. According to a local media platform, Bhaskar live, 14.5 kg worth Rs 60 crore (N3,371,078,241.00) in the international market from the accused identified as Nnamani Ahukajude (44), a resident of Nilothi Extension and Chinezie (34), a resident of Greater Noida (Uttar Pradesh), both Nigerians including Franck Oumar Ibrahim (40), a Cote d’Ivoire national who resides in Greater Noida. The official said that members of the cartel used to store drugs at a house in a posh colony of Greater Noida. The Special Commissioner of Police (Special Cell), HGS Dhaliwal, said that there was information about the indulgence of many Delhi-based persons of African origin in drug trafficking in parts of the country from Delhi-NCR. “A specific input was received on March 4, about the arrival of a Nigerian national with a consignment of Methaqualone near a petrol pump at Dhaula Kuan-Gurugram Expressway to deliver the consignment to his contact. A trap was laid and he was nabbed,” said the Special CP. During the search of the trolley bag of the man identified as Nnamani, 4.680 kg Methaqualone was found concealed in cardboard boxes further wrapped by clothes kept in the bag. “Nnamani disclosed that he was a member of the drug cartel being run by persons of African origin in Delhi-NCR. He also disclosed that he had procured the recovered drugs from one Frank Oumarlbrahim of Cote d’Ivoire residing in Greater Noida,” said Dhaliwal. “Franck was nabbed on March 5 near Mata Chanan Devi Hospital, Janakpuri at the instance of Nnamani. On search, eight kg of Methaqualone was recovered from the dickey of his car. Franck disclosed that he had received the consignments of drugs from another Greater Noida-based drug supplier namely Chinezie, a Nigerian national. “On March 6, Chinezie was arrested from outside ONGC Building, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi. A total of 1.250 kg of Methaqualone was recovered from the bag he was carrying. “A search of his rented house, Greater Noida was conducted and 570-gram Methaqualone was recovered from there. “Arrested three drug suppliers were thoroughly interrogated. They disclosed that they would receive the consignments of Methaqualone from a person of African origin in Greater Noida. They used to exchange drugs mostly in the area of INA Market, Vasant Kunj Mall, C-1 Janakpuri and Vikaspuri in Delhi.”