George had on Monday subtly at a press conference endorsed Rhodes-Vivour and warned against an attempt to secretly eliminate him. The Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has kicked against the purported endorsement of the Labour Party governorship candidate in the state, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour, by a PDP former deputy national chairman, Chief Bode George. George had on Monday subtly at a press conference endorsed Rhodes-Vivour and warned against an attempt to secretly eliminate him. It could be noted that the Labour Party governorship candidate, Rhodes-Vivour’s popularity had gone higher after the party won in Lagos during the presidential election on February 25, 2023. “We wish to inform Nigerians about the heinous plan, to secretly eliminate the Labour Party Governorship Candidate, Mr Gbadebo Rhodes Vivour, the latest move by the Lagos occupiers, to take him out of circulation before the election on Saturday. “We, hereby, warn that, should anything happen to this vibrant bonafide Lagosian, who fate has thrown up to free our dear state from the stranglehold of marauders, Nigerians should know who to hold,” George had said. “As we speak, there are grand designs, to provoke the peace-loving Nigerians, whose resolve is to effect change through the ballot box on Saturday, as threats are being issued against voters suspected to be willing to vote against incumbency. “For the avoidance of doubt, a particular video has gone viral, on social media, which showed a weird character, suspected to be one of the agents of the state, threatening ‘brimstone and fire’ against anybody, particularly of South East extraction (Igbo), to dare come out on election day to vote for the Labour Party.” Meanwhile the PDP kicked against George’s purported endorsement of Rhodes-Vivour, saying that the endorsement of an opposition Labour Party candidate in the state was in bad faith for the party - PDP. The PDP therefore asked the people of Lagos to reject godfatherism, as the PDP’s Lagos State State Publicity Secretary, Hakeem Amode, in a statement said that the PDP candidate, Abdul-Azeez Adeniran, popularly known as Jandor, joined the gubernatorial race to promote worthy causes that would enhance the collective well-being and security of Lagosians and Nigerians in general. Amode said, “The PDP candidate is independent-minded and will not cave into the rapacious desires of reactionary forces. He has proved that he can hold his own on a number of occasions.”  