It was gathered that Enwerem was arraigned before Court on a 3-count charge of conspiracy to steal children, fraudulently enticing away and habouring children and forcefully isolating the children from lawful possession of their parents. The Chief Magistrate of the Children, Sexual and Gender-Based Violence Court, sitting in Awka, Anambra State capital, Genevieve Osakwe, has sentenced a 42-year-old woman identified as Victoria Enwerem, to four years in prison for allegedly stealing five children in Onitsha, one of the biggest commercial cities in the state.
It was gathered that Enwerem was arraigned before Court on a 3-count charge of conspiracy to steal children, fraudulently enticing away and habouring children and forcefully isolating the children from lawful possession of their parents.
The stolen children are between the ages of 3, 7, 8, 9 and 10 years old.
The police prosecutor of the case told the court that Enwerem in September 2022, conspired with one Oluchi Ahamefula, currently at large, to steal children at popular MCC Junction, Onitsha, with a view to moving the children to an unknown destination.
The prosecutor said that the convict was arrested by some police officers on stop and search operation at Oraifite in Ekwusigo Local Government Area of the State, however, “she was granted bail but jumped bail and was later tracked and apprehended at a remote part of Ebonyi State, in possession of two other underage kids who she allegedly stole from their parents.
“It was later discovered that she had continued her business of stealing children, while hiding in the state.”
During her second arraignment, Enwerem told the Court that her defence Counsel, C. D. Nwaka-Ohuoha, deceived her, collected an undisclosed amount of money from her and informed her to stop going to Court, while promising that she would get off the case pending in Court. The lawyer also assured her that she would never go to prison.
The prosecutor further told the court that Enwerem’s offences are punishable under Criminal Code, Laws of Anambra State of Nigeria, 1991, and Violence Against Persons (Prohibition and Protection) Laws of Anambra State, 2017.
The Chief Magistrate in her judgment said that the accused was found guilty of the three charges brought against her, hence, she was sentenced to four years imprisonment in count 1, eight years imprisonment in count 2 and a term of six months imprisonment in count 3, in which all sentences was declared to run concurrently, without option of fine.
Osakwe in her ruling said that “Based on oral testimonies of the defendant herself and submissions of the plaintiff witnesses, as well as, other materials placed before the Court, in respect of the case; there are overwhelming pieces of evidence against the defendant, and the prosecutor had proved his case beyond reasonable doubts.”