There is an indication that the reported legal action by Prophetess Happiness Omotowhe Edema action against Nollywood actress, Doris Ogala for alleged defamation was only a figment of imagination as no such suit took place according to a court document which SaharaReporters obtained. A reply to an inquiry letter on Suit No. FCT/HC/CV/73/23- In The High Court Matter Between Prophetess Happy Omotowhe Edeme & Doris Ogala (AKA Chioma Johnson), signed by the Director Litigation, Ademuyiwa Olakunle Oyeyipo, said there is no pending action in the South. The letter addressed to Austin J. Otah Esq was titled: "RE: SUIT NO. FCT/HC/CV/73/23- IN The High Court Matter Between Between Prophetess Happy Omotowhe Edeme & Doris Ogala (AKA Chioma Johnson)- Letter Of Inquiry." The letter reads, "I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of your letter dated 3rd February, 2023 inquiring on the above referred Suit. "A careful scrutiny of our Case Management Register at the Judicial Research Center and the Process Unit of the High Court of the FCT, Maitama, Abuja has revealed that there is no pending action with Suit No. FCT/HC/CV/73/23 between Prophetess Happy Omotowhe Edeme V Doris Ogala (A.K.A Chioma Johnson) in our record. "Thank you and please accept the assurances of the Chief Registrar's highest esteem." SaharaReporters on January 19 reported that Ogala stated that she had yet to be served the court process in the “purported” suit on defamation of character filed against her by a female cleric, Prophetess Happy Omotowhe Edema.  SaharaReporters had reported how Edema filed a lawsuit against Ogala for alleged defamation. In a suit filed at the Federal Capital Territory High Court, Abuja, Edema also demanded N1billion as aggravated and exemplary damages for alleged libel from the defendant.  She had also accused the actress of sharing doctored nude videos of her after she pulled out of a case involving one Ruth Matthew, who had accused the founder of Christ Mercy Land Church in Warri, Delta State, Prophet Jeremiah Fufeyin, of kidnapping her child.  “However what then followed was a defamatory voice note send vide Whatsapp to the plaintiff phone by defendant and also sent by the defendant to a certain blogger with name as Chantel Adebayo Isikhueme, wherein the above defendant alongside the blogger in the course of her daily Facebook broadcasts on Chantel Kev TV, the defendant voice note defaming the plaintiff character in this regards was played to the hearing of more than fifty persons watching,” the court document seen by SaharaReporters read.  “That the defendant defamatory Facebook broadcasting pictures, and the defendant voice note of the above Facebook video and the defendant voice note above was uploaded in flash drive and cd room and shall be tendered at hearing of this case, which is herein pleaded.”  Reacting in a statement by her lawyer, Ogala had said she would respond accordingly on the receipt of the said court process.  She also described the female cleric as an “invader, gold-digger, self-seeking and relevance-sought individual.”  The statement read, “The attention of our Chambers has been drawn to a purported suit on Defamation of Character filed against our Client (DORIS OGALA) by one Prophetess Happiness Edema and we respond as follows:  “That our Client has not been served the said court process;  “That our Client is earnestly waiting for the service of the said writ of summons as purportedly filed;  “That on the receipt of the said Court processes, our Client shall surely respond accordingly.  “Pursuant to the above, we therefore appeal to the teeming fans and supporters of our Client (who are greatly concerned), members of the public, family and friends of our Client to be calm and hold their peace as this Chambers is ready and prepared to defend the interest and name of our Client against any invader, gold-digger, self-seeking and relevance-sought individual.  “We shall continually keep you informed on any step of the way in this matter.” 