In a trending video online, Umahi was heard complaining about the Commissioner of Police in the state. Ahead of the governorship election in Nigeria scheduled to hold on 11th March 2023, the governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi, is currently under fire over his recent comments where he complained of too many security operatives in the state.
In a trending video online, Umahi was heard complaining about the Commissioner of Police in the state.
“The newly posted Commissioner of Police to the state is not doing his work. He has been here before but he's not doing his work because he's just sitting on the fence,” the governor said.
“The Police IG had given directives that all the security details must come from the Ebonyi State command, it was also agreed amongst all the governorship candidates that the IG's instruction should be followed but the man (CP) is sitting on the fence and I've told him that he'll be responsible if anything goes wrong.
“It’s because of these excess operatives, that's why they are being used to rig elections and we have evidence of it.”
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cpa0zlIDtdP/?igshid=NmE0MzVhZDY=
Reacting to the governor's speech, entertainment consultant, Soso Soberekon said, “Police is excess? Politicians with stupid excuses. How will a governor be complaining about excess police security?”
Similarly, nightlife celebrity Cubana Chief-priest wrote, “Dave Umahi Dey Accuse Nigerian Police That They Are Sitting On The Fence, So They Are Supposed To Sit With You. His Excellency You Have Done Well For 8 Years, You Have Also Won Your Senate Election But Your Ambition To Indirectly Do 12 Years As Governor By Installing Your Boy As Governor Is Greed It’s Our Dear State Not Yours, The Cars You Bought For Them Is From State Money Not Yours Please Stop The Intimidation & Harassment Of The Police Force & The People And Allow The Will Of The People To Prevail.
“Just Allow The Will Of God To Happen Stop The Threat, Stop The Harassment Stop The Intimidation Ebonyi Is Owned By Ebonyians Not Umahi, Stop Intimidating The Police, This Thing Called Power Is So Sweet But It’s Also Transient, Don’t Personalise It. Be Calm, Be Humble As We Wait For The Will Of Ebonyians.”
An Instagram user, @ojayvicbiz wrote, “Dis one .. dey find how e one take rig election with Ebubeagu”
@gee.1965 wrote, “Umahi is irresponsible. He couldn't 1930.200 buy over the new CP that's why he is ranting. He wanted to have a field day with his Ebube Agu like in the past. Let his realize that after Saturday elections he will be a lame duck Governor preparing handover notes no matter who wins. Reality is setting in.” 
@moreephilip added, “Umahi you didn't buy police vehicles with your money but the tax payers money stop saying you bought them vehicles as if is your money, sometimes politicians behave's like mini God.
@princedaniel404 wrote, “U think Ebonyi state is ur personal property, shame on you Anyigaemeya, watch out.”