The Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, who disclosed this in a statement on Saturday, said the President’s visit was sequel to an invitation by the Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani.  Barely one week after conducting controversial presidential election, President Muhammadu Buhari will leave for the 5th United Nations Conference on Least Developed Countries (LCDs) in Doha, the capital city of Qatar on Saturday.
The Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, who disclosed this in a statement on Saturday, said the President’s visit was sequel to an invitation by the Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani. Themed: "From Potential to Prosperity,” the conference will hold between 5th to 9th of March 2023.
The conference holds once in a decade and provides an opportunity to garner the support of the international community for accelerating sustainable development in the LDCs as well as assist them to make progress towards achieving prosperity. In Doha, President Buhari will reinforce Nigeria’s commitment to supporting the most vulnerable countries to meet their development challenges, highlighting areas through which the Nigerian government has provided them with various forms of assistance over time, Shehu had said.
According to him, president as most of the LDC countries struggle to find sustainable solutions to challenges of poverty, adverse effects of climate change, food and energy crises, as well as high-debt burdens among others, will vigorously reiterate the need for sustainable solutions for countries facing these severe challenges. The Summit will be attended by world leaders, the private sector, civil society and youth organisations. The conference according to the statement aims to share developmental ideas and mobilise political will, solidarity, action and solutions to transform the LDCs, by finding sustainable solutions to the challenges of poverty, food insecurity, hunger, weak or non-existent infrastructure, inadequate health facilities, and climate change, as they struggle to deliver on the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) by 2030. President Buhari’s delegation includes some Ministers and top government officials, who are expected to use the opportunity of the visit to sign some agreements and Memoranda of Understanding with the Qatari government. The President is expected to return to the country on Wednesday, March 8.