Umahi added that his prediction, just like Governor Charles Soludo of Anambra State was that Obi would not win the presidential election, having failed to work with other regions in the country because “the wise thing for the Igbos to do is to tell themselves the truth that we alone cannot make ourselves President.” Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State has said that his party, the All Progressives Congress, is not angry that the South-East voted for the Labour Party presidential candidate, Mr Peter Obi, adding that the zone has made a strong statement with it.
Umahi added that his prediction, just like Governor Charles Soludo of Anambra State was that Obi would not win the presidential election, having failed to work with other regions in the country because “the wise thing for the Igbos to do is to tell themselves the truth that we alone cannot make ourselves President.” 
Umahi, who spoke to Ezza Clan on the need to vote for his governorship candidate in APC, said that Peter Obi knew he would not win the presidency and could not win the presidency without an alliance with other regions of the country.
Collaborating Governor Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra State’s prediction that the Labour Party candidate would not win the presidential poll, Umahi said his prediction had come to pass and that had vindicated him.
Although, Umahi who is the chairman of the South East Governors Forum, said he was not against the South-East Zone for voting massively for Obi, he said it was important for any tribe to reserve a slot for negotiation.
"One need to digs with two-arrowed woods so that when one fails to stick on the target, the other wood will stick to it," he insisted, adding “Governor Charles Soludo of Anambra State harped on this fact and was crucified for it; but his words have come to pass. 
"The wise thing for the Igbos to do is to tell themselves the truth that we alone cannot make ourselves President.
“We have to work with other tribes as the South-West did with the North and have succeeded. “We have to stop being parochial and clannish; who could have believed that Obi was talking with me up till the last minute?” he added.