The student who was coming from Cyprus to Nigeria for a holiday had decided to spend some time in Benin Republic to see his sister. A Nigerian, Okail Illemona Shedrack, studying at the Cyprus International University has been kept in detention for close to five weeks by policemen in Benin Republic. The student who was coming from Cyprus to Nigeria for a holiday had decided to spend some time in Benin Republic to see his sister. He was arrested by the police on February 7, 2023, and taken into detention where he is yet to be told his offence. SaharaReporters learnt that despite the student’s family members’ visits to the station on several occasions, the police failed to release their son or disclose his offence. He is also said to be on the verge of losing his student status for failing to attend lectures. “A student from Cyprus was coming from Cyprus to Nigeria for holiday but branched into Benin Republic to see his sister. They went out to flex and he went out to make a call. As he was making the call, he saw policemen and they took him away, without telling him what his offence was.  “They took him to the station and his family members have been trying to sort and pay but they didn’t free him. “He is a very active student of Cyprus International University and school has resumed. He may lose his studentship soon and his visa revoked over non-attendance of classes. “The family has been trying to get lawyers but lawyers are just collecting money without doing anything. Now his court case is today, 9th of March, 2023. The lawyer they got asked them to pay N5 million before he can start or go to court. “The point now is that the student didn’t do anything; they arrested him for no offence but just normal raiding and they saw that they can get money from him so they detained him. “I was told NANS (National Association of Nigerian Students) people called the Ambassador to Benin Republic and the man sent someone to check and confirm maybe he is in detention. He did that and didn’t do anything further. He claimed that there are many Nigerians in the prison. Imagine, my brother, an Ambassador of a country being happy his people are rotting in prison in another country, is that a good word from him? “He has not been doing anything at all. The NANS guys even requested him to please assist the family in getting a truthful and trustworthy lawyer who will charge less to defend this guy but this Ambassador didn’t respond.  “We heard that Benin Republic authorities are using this imprisonment as a means of raising funds. United Nations and other organizations give each prisoner a certain sum of amount ($900) which is going to the account of the sector. “So, they use this money gotten from this to build their nation and do other things. That is why they give long-term jail terms to prisoners. Nigerians are the ones with the largest number in these Benin Republic prisons. This is uncalled for and it’s unjust. “Nigeria should focus more on this through the Ambassador but I think he is clueless, not active at all. Sadly, this is happening in a neighbouring country which we share a boundary with.” A message sent to Abdur-Rahman Balogun, Head of Media and Public Relations Unit at the Nigerians In Diaspora Commission (NiDCOM) on his mobile phone was not immediately replied to at the time of filing this report.