In a tweet posted on Tuesday morning on his handle, the minister said the PDP protest was a funeral for the opposition party. The spokesperson of the All Progressives Congress 2023 Presidential Campaign Council and Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo, has described the Monday, March 6, protest march carried out by the Peoples Democratic Party over the February 25 elections as the funeral of the party. 
In a tweet posted on Tuesday morning on his handle, the minister said the PDP protest was a funeral for the opposition party. 
“The adorning of black dresses by the PDP leaders in their protest to INEC office did the right thing because the event was actually a funeral procession; the undertakers of PDP who refused to adhere to the principle of zoning took the corpse to the gates of INEC for proper burial,” he wrote. https://twitter.com/fkeyamo/status/1632991451947606017?s=20 It had been earlier reported that Atiku Abubakar led a protest at the headquarters of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Abuja.
The protest, which was attended by PDP officials and supporters, was held to protest the outcome of the presidential election. 
PDP national chairman Iyrochia Ayu, vice-presidential candidate Ifeanyi Okowa, and Sokoto state governor Aminu Tambuwal were also present at the protest. 
The PDP members began their march from Legacy House and are making their way to the INEC headquarters.
Reacting to the protest via a tweet, the presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore, had expressed his satisfaction that the PDP chieftains were collectively standing against electoral injustice done by INEC. 
“#Electionfraud Good to see @atiku @OfficialPDPNig fight for electoral justice, everyone must engage in civil disobedience to extinguish the monumental injustice perpetrated by @inecnigeria, except that for us revolutionaries we don’t get the privilege to have DSS and police,” he tweeted. 
SaharaReporters had also reported that Atiku Abubakar described the just concluded general elections as a “rape of democracy” just as he vowed to challenge the outcome of the elections in the court of law.
He faulted the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof Mahmood Yakubu, for hurriedly announcing the results and declaring Bola Tinubu as the winner despite alleged irregularities that characterised the conduct of the election.