He said the presidential election was a waste of taxpayers’ resources. Dele Momodu, the Director of Strategic Communication of the Atiku/Okowa presidential campaign council, has described the February 25, 2023 presidential election as one of Nigeria’s worst elections since the First Republic.  The chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) said the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) failed to deliver on its promises on the Bimodal Voter Registration System (BVAS) and on real-time transmission of results through its Result Viewing Portal (IReV).  Dele Momodu, while speaking on Channels Television’s Sunrise Daily breakfast show on Thursday, said the presidential election was a waste of taxpayers’ resources.  He said the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) is turning Nigeria into a one-party state.  He said; “Last Saturday was another sad day for our country, it was a day Nigerians were supposed to get it right. There were so much drama and melodrama and promises upon promises, BVAS will be a game-changer, but what we witnessed was a charade.  "I am becoming paranoid about elections in Nigeria and also superstitious with the years that ends with three. One of our worst elections took place in 1983. In 1993 we had our best elections, it was killed. Now in 2023, we were much worse than we were in 1983, a year you could called an analogue era. So, with all the billions, if not trillions wasted on this election.”  He noted that the APC government led by Muhammadu Buhari should have simply told Nigerians that the party would retain power instead of spending billions of naira on the election.  "We should as well as told Nigerians that APC is not ready to go; we don’t need an election. We are turning Nigeria to a one-party state. I’m sure in our usual docility, we would agree, but to waste all that money, waste peoples’ time? I pity the young people the most; they came out, they had faith, they had hope in their country and they came out and they dashed that hope instead of renewed hope.”  “The election was a complete waste of resources,” he added. 