So Obidients, your vote never counts. Your act of going to vote is what counts because you validate the 1999 Constitution (a Forgery) that empowers your miseries. That is: You renew the life of that 1999 Constitution by agreeing to go to Elections. In agreeing to partake in elections Obidients place themselves in the hands of Systems controlled by the Fulani Caliphate ie INEC, communications network, security services, the Mint and Central Bank etc. Therefore, people saw the various types of plans against their future good in Nigeria e.g. the manufactured cash crisis, manufactured fuel crisis, the rigging that happened which started several months before voting day such as registering children as voters in the Arewa region, etc. This is addressed to those who went with all their heart to vote for Peter Obi on 25th February 2023 and have come out in disappointment and disbelief. The good news is that there is a new winning battle script available for you to get that “change” that you seek. But, first, you need to understand what happened to you, and what is yet planned for you, so that you can grasp and then grab the new battle script with both hands.  What happened: Those who wanted Peter Obi to win the elections are really those who reject the status quoof Nigeria and want a complete change from what Nigeria represents. They are the “Obidients” and include many of the End SARS activists. Peter Obi became their symbol for “change” and the birth of a new country.  What they did not know because they had been deceived by all the big players (political parties, politicians, mainstream media, influencers, NGOs and CSOs, pastors and priests) is that their vote never counts because of what Nigeria is. Nigeria (i.e. Unitary Nigeria/One-Nigeria) is a Structure belonging to the Fulani Caliphate BUT sitting on top of the lands of indigenous Ethnic Nations. The Systems in that Structure (Nigeria) are not working for the good of Nigerians but for the interests of the immigrant settler Fulani, because the Systems are there to bring about Ahmadu Bello’s Declaration of 1960 that Nigeria is to be “ruthlessly” turned into the “estate” of the Fulani. THAT is why votes do not count because Elections are solely a process to renew the life of the 1999 Constitution, the instrument used to bring about Ahmadu Bello’s Declaration.  So Obidients, your vote never counts. Your act of going to vote is what counts because you validate the 1999 Constitution (a Forgery) that empowers your miseries. That is: You renew the life of that 1999 Constitution by agreeing to go to Elections. In agreeing to partake in elections Obidients place themselves in the hands of Systems controlled by the Fulani Caliphate ie INEC, communications network, security services, the Mint and Central Bank etc. Therefore, people saw the various types of plans against their future good in Nigeria e.g. the manufactured cash crisis, manufactured fuel crisis, the rigging that happened which started several months before voting day such as registering children as voters in the Arewa region, etc.  What is yet planned for you: Election is a process that culminates in the presidential swearing-in ceremony on 29thMay where the new President and his deputy will swear an Oath of Office to uphold and defend the illegitimate 1999 Constitution, and in so doing, renew its life. THAT is what Elections are for. Obidients still very much have the power to abort this process and say “No!” to the swearing-in ceremony. So, the plan now is to drag Obidients along as quietly as possible, to the 29thof May. New deceptions will be used but the main one is: “We are going to court to retrieve our mandate!” This is a mirage because the Court is part of the Systems of that Structure called Nigeria which is controlled by the Fulani Caliphate. Anybody in any doubt, and who has any (vain) hope of Peter Obi winning his case at any Court in Nigeria should revisit the strange Elections Tribunal proceedings that made Buhari, a Fulani, President in 2019. To repeat, the: “We are going to court to retrieve our mandate!” is for the purpose of dragging Obidients to swearing-in ceremony on 29th May – nothing else.  A new winning battle script for Obidients: A new winning battle script for Obidients requires using a System that is NOT controlled by “Nigeria” and thus that is not controlled by the Fulani Caliphate. Such a System would be controlled by “we the people”.  The best thing is that this System is ALREADY available and the door to it is OPEN.  A new winning battle script for Obidients is to discontinue the journey of elections that ends on 29th May, by instead going to TRANSITIONING in order to Renegotiate the Union of Nigeria. Renegotiate means change. It means changing the terms of Nigeria to what “we the people” democratically want. Obidients need to be very clear on these basic things about Transitioning: Transitioning is not controlled by the Nigeria Systems but by “we the people”.  Transitioning is based on United Nations instruments and on International Law.  Obidients (and all Nigerians) HAVE the power and the right to have Transitioning and insist upon it because of the Constitutional Force Majeure declared on 16th December 2020 that Repudiates the 1999 Constitution, and that made Nigeria a Disputed Project. (see NINAS website:www.ninasvoice.org)  The modalities for the Transitioning process including the composition and Mandate of a Transitional Authority as well as the time-frame for Transitioning and other supplementary matters will be under the control of “we the people” and determined by “we the people” in a clear, transparent and agreed way. Experts know the methods and will guide Nigerians, and it will be under supervision of the United Nations. Many countries have in the course of their histories gone through one or more Transitioning episodes so there is a lot of information available on this process. Transitioning is a non-violent process on the pathway to fixing countries.  The bottom line is this: As long as Obidients (and Nigerians) use the Systems belonging to Unitary Nigeria, they will lose every time and never get any good change because another Agenda, a hostile one, has power over them. However, a new winning battle script is one that is outside the control of “Nigeria” and it is here, on the Table. It is Transitioning to Renegotiate (i.e. change) the Nigeria Union. Ndidi Uwechue is a British citizen with Igbo heritage from the Lower Niger Bloc. She is a retired Metropolitan (London) Police Officer, she is a signatory to the Constitutional Force Majeure, and she writes from Abuja.   