Obi said that Nigerian leaders built a “structure of criminality, structure of destruction, that have created 133 million people living in multidimensional poverty. Peter Obi, presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP) in the 2023 presidential election has said that the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) have directed him to challenge the outcome of the Saturday February 25, 2023 presidential election in court and because he is ‘Obidient’, he will go. Speaking at his first press conference on Thursday in Abuja after the Saturday elections, Obi who came third with a total of 6,101,533 votes, according to the results announced by the INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, said that he won the election but it was manipulated by the electoral umpire. Obi broke down in tears while speaking on the outcome of the election as he recalled his earlier encounter with a young Nigerian lady who graduated from the university in 2018 but had no job till date, learnt bakery but had not been able to start the business as she did not have N75,000 to buy an oven. Obi, who called on his supporters and Nigerians in general to remain calm and maintain peace said, “We are asked to go to the court. We are going to go there. Remember that I am ‘Obidient’. I want to obey their rule. I want to go where I’m directed to go and there, we will see where and how everything happened. “I assure you that I am totally committed to a better future for this country. I assure you the good people of Nigeria, that we have explored all legal and peaceful options to reclaim our mandate. We won the election and we will prove it to Nigerians.” Amid tears, Obi recounted his encounter with a young lady earlier in the morning who was eager to serve him water, saying that when he asked her who she was and what she did, he was heartbroken to hear from her that she graduated from the university in 2018 but could not get a job and after learning bakery, she had not been able to afford the sum of N75,000 to buy an oven and start the business. Obi said that Nigerian leaders built a “structure of criminality, structure of destruction, that have created 133 million people living in multidimensional poverty, created 95 million people living under abject poverty, created over 20 million out-of-school children.”