The Managing Director of the company, Prof. Muhammad Abubakar, made the disclosure at the opening session of a two-day ministerial training for board members and management staff of Galaxy Backbone Limited on Tuesday in Abuja. An Information and Communications Technology Services provider owned by the Nigerian Government, Galaxy Backbone Limited has revealed that the government blocked over 200 cyberattacks on February 25, 2023, during the presidential and national assembly elections.  The Managing Director of the company, Prof. Muhammad Abubakar, made the disclosure at the opening session of a two-day ministerial training for board members and management staff of Galaxy Backbone Limited on Tuesday in Abuja.  Speaking at the training tagged ‘Positioning the GBB Team for Effective Management and Leadership in the 4th Industrial Revolution,’ the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) quoted Abubakar as saying, “On the election day alone, we were able to block more than 200 attacks and the next day, the attacks geometrically increased to about 1.2 million and all were blocked from our own businesses.”  The managing director said that a business continuity and cyberspace protection committee had been formed to guard and regulate digital activities while optimising Galaxy Backbone’s technical services.  According to him, the training was aimed at reviewing the agency’s performance while initiating alternative means of revenue generation.  Also speaking at the training, the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, said the training was aimed at evaluating and recalibrating Galaxy Backbone Limited in regard to management and leadership for optimal outputs.  NAN reports that the minister, who served as the training facilitator, applauded GBB’s approach to digital infrastructural development while saving cost of governance.  Pantami said, “In this training, I will be very much sincere with you to point out some areas where we need significant improvement.  “Training is key when it comes to improving our performance and at the same time training is key when it comes to our self-evaluation, self-judgement, self-assessment.  “We need to think out of the box to discover new areas for government revenue generation.  “We need to be proactive in our thinking, let us not maintain the same process every day when it comes to revenue generation.” 