According to the convener, the event is designed to ensure that residents get the chance to interrogate the competence of the leading gubernatorial candidates in the state, with a view of ensuring that the right man is voted for. Ahead of the March 18 gubernatorial elections in Nigeria, WM TV Canada in collaboration with LEAD Network Africa has concluded plans to organise a debate for candidates running for governor in Enugu State. According to the convener, the event is designed to ensure that residents get the chance to interrogate the competence of the leading gubernatorial candidates in the state, with a view of ensuring that the right man is voted for. The town hall is slated to hold on Monday 13th March 2023. “Ahead of the March 18th gubernatorial elections in Nigeria, WM tv Canada in collaboration with LEAD Network Africa presents Enugu State Governorship TownHall slated to hold on Monday 13th March 2023,” a statement from the organisers read. “Addressing Journalists about the event, the Convener Dr. Chidi noted that the townHall is designed to ensure that the good people of Enugu state, get the chance to interrogate the competence of the leading gubernatorial candidates in the state, with a view of ensuring that the right man is recruited for the top job in the state, which according to Chidi is the role of a Chief Servant. “He equally stated that the four leading gubernatorial candidates in Enugu State which include the APC candidate Uche Nnaji, APGA candidate Frank Nweke, Labour Party candidate Chijioke Edeoga and Peter Mbah of the PDP have all been duly informed about the virtual TownHall. “Monday was strategically chosen and It is hoped that all candidates will ensure they accomodate this crucial interview in their schedule.” Speaking further about the event, the Executive Director of LEAD Network Africa noted that issues around economy, security, infrastructure, job creation, education and governance shall be the focal points of the interaction. The organisers while commending the media partners which include SaharaReporters, Iroko Tv, WM tv Canada, Njenje media tv and BVI media, noted that the event shall be streamed live from 4pm on all the media partner-platforms.