Since the split, the duo have aimed digs at each other on social media. In 2020, they also engaged in a heated war of words on Instagram.  Actress Tonto Dikeh and her ex-husband Olakunle Churchill have again renewed the battle for the custody of their child, King.  This is just as court papers emerged revealing details of a judgement that grants the right to Churchill to co-parent and the son's passport in the hands of their lawyer.  The pair tied the knot in 2015 but the union ended controversially two years later. The marriage was blessed with a son.  Since the split, the duo have aimed digs at each other on social media. In 2020, they also engaged in a heated war of words on Instagram.  The recent drama started after Churchill shared a picture of Omodayo King, their son, on Instagram to celebrate his birthday.  The birthday wishes did not, however, go down well with the actress who took to the photo and video-sharing social networking service to tackle her ex-husband.  Tonto argued that Churchill has no right to call King his son.  She accused him of chasing clouts by making the birthday post.  Tonto also accused Churchill of domestic violence, serial cheating and negligence of their child, describing him as a “mere donor” and not “King’s father.”  She vowed not to allow him to get close to their child, accusing him of eloping after getting married to his first wife, Bimbo.  Churchill responded, explaining he had always made efforts to reunite with his son but Tonto would not give him the opportunity.  He posted screenshots of the accounts he had set up for his son.  But Tonto refuted all the claims, accusing him of being a liar and a fraudster.  She said: “Ok so story has changed. My sperm donor says he only opened the account last year. So my question is For 7 years I never spoke to you, My Lawyers never spoke to you in any form!!  “Which GHOST DID YOU ASK TO PICKUP your fake Atm? How did you communicate this discussion? Plus you still can post the unlimited balance for new bank. my unlimited yahoo Gee.. Make the world see me as a liar.. Post everything with dates..”  However, contrary to claims by the actress, the court papers dated January 2018 and delivered by Hon. Amina Aliyu Mohammad of the Abuja customary court revealed otherwise.  It was also learnt that Churchill has not seen his son since 2019 despite the judgement.  He has alleged that all attempts made by him to be in his son’s life, and send him clothes, and funds have been met with stiff resistance and blackmail by Tonto.  The court documents read, “That the custody of the only child of the parties King Andre is granted to the Plaintiff since it is already conceded, with the Defendant having unrestricted access to the child. This is however subject to notice and at reasonable time of the day.  “The Defendant shall be allowed to go on outings with their son in order to bond with him but this shall be in the company of the baby's nanny or confident excluding the mother for the next one year so as to familiarise after which the Defendant can come to Court for review of this order.  “The Defendant shall be responsible for the education, medicals and clothing of the son of the parties. The Plaintiff shall furnish the Defendant with particulars of the school in relation to payment of school fees and other incidental expenses.  “That the Defendant is ordered to pay the sum of N200,000.00 monthly starting from the first week of February 2018 into the account of the child for upkeep.  “All document relating to King Andre shall bear the surname of the Defendant as of right.  “The International Passport of King Andre shall be kept in a vault in Zenith Bank Plc. Where the boy has an account. This passport shall only be released to the party with written consent of the other. The Defendant shall however bear any financial cost of keeping the said passport.”