He urged the security agencies to brace up and ensure a non-violent election in the state on Saturday, March 11, 2023. A former Deputy Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Olabode George, has raised the alarm over an alleged threat to the life of the Labour Party (LP) governorship candidate in Lagos State, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour. He urged the security agencies to brace up and ensure a non-violent election in the state on Saturday, March 11, 2023. George on Monday expressed this concern while speaking on behalf of Omo Eko Pataki, an umbrella body of prominent Lagos indigenes, warning that if anything untoward happened to the LP gubernatorial candidate, Nigerians should know who to blame. He spoke at a press conference at his Ikoyi office, which was attended by former deputy governor, Kofoworola Buknor-Akerele; (Mrs). Onikepo Oshodi and Dr Lai Ogunbambi, among others, while warning against a repeat of the 2007 murder of former PDP governorship candidate, Funsho Williams. “We wish to inform Nigerians about the heinous plan, to secretly eliminate the Labour Party Governorship Candidate, Mr Gbadebo Rhodes Vivour, the latest move by the Lagos occupiers, to take him out of circulation before the election on Saturday. “We, hereby, warn that, should anything happen to this vibrant bonafide Lagosian, who fate has thrown up to free our dear state from the stranglehold of marauders, Nigerians should know who to hold,” George said. “As we speak, there are grand designs, to provoke the peace-loving Nigerians, whose resolve is to effect change through the ballot box on Saturday, as threats are being issued against voters suspected to be willing to vote against incumbency. “For the avoidance of doubt, a particular video has gone virile, on social media, which showed a weird character, suspected to be one of the agents of the state, threatening ‘brimstone and fire’ against anybody, particularly of South East extraction (Igbo), to dare come out on election day to vote for the Labour Party. “To this disposition, we, the Omo Eko Pataki, say it is the most heinous crime against humanity in this 21st century, and condemn such in all its entirety. We ask who gave these characters the institutional authority and powers, to query the right of Nigerians to exercise their civic responsibility?” he queried. “We reject this divisive politics of annihilation of innocent Nigerians, which seek to create anarchy and provoke anger of the citizenry. “This is the time for us to have a change of vision through an electoral overhaul. We equally urge the electorate in Lagos to go out in their numbers on Saturday, to vote against the plundering that has bedevilled our prosperous state for over two decades as adequate security is assured to everyone out to exercise their civic responsibility,” he said. The PDP chieftain, however, called on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to ensure the use of a transformational BVAS regime, for the transparency of the exercise, adding that the electoral umpire should make “a departure from the February 25 archaic system, where result sheets were moved manually from polling units.” 