The allegation is coming a few hours after the announcement by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on the postponement of the governorship and State Assembly polls.  The Zamfara State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has raised the alarm over an alleged plot to disrupt the voting process in the state by mobilising bandits to unleash wide-scale violence in the state during the March 18, 2023, governorship and State House of Assembly elections.
The allegation is coming a few hours after the announcement by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on the postponement of the governorship and State Assembly polls.
The party disclosed this in a release issued by Aliyu Musa Gusau on behalf of the party on Thursday in Gusau while expressing concerns over what it called a desperate attempt to influence the governorship poll.
The statement said the plot was aimed at attacking the strongholds of the party and compromising the process and the officials.
The statement read, “There are unending claims that the ruling party is plotting a state-wide attack in Zamfara State in a desperate bid to retain the state.”
“We were reliably informed that on Tuesday, 7th March 2023, the Zamfara State government officials were cited distributing funds to bandit groups across Zurmi Local Government. 
“Our source revealed that the five-man committee was led by the former chairman of Kwashabawa district, Salele Mohammed Gurbin Baure.
“The funds totaling two hundred million Naira were shared with the bandits to disrupt the election process in some local government areas.
“The camps that received the distributed money are that of Gwaska Dankarami, a bandit kingpin operating in Tsanu forest. His share was delivered to him through Abubakar Mohammed and Abubakar Dan Galadima.
“Sani Black, a notorious bandit kingpin, Nafaransa, and Ibrahim Stander that operates at Tunani forest in Mashema district, also received the fund through the state house of assembly aspirant, Sani Gidan Jaja and the councilor of Mashema ward, Ibrahim Dama.
“These are a series of information from all camps across the state. The state government is hell-bent on using the terror bandits to disrupt voting in remote areas vulnerable to insecurity.
“We also uncover that the Zamfara State government has perfected plans to manipulate the voting process in our strongholds, such as Gusau, Gummi, and Tsafe local government areas.
“They want to achieve that by using BVAS to frustrate the voting process. They also plan to collaborate with INEC officials to report false malfunctioning of BVAS, to take it away for fake repairs.
“This is quite problematic; this is not the Zamfara state we all yearn for. Those desirous of positions of authority should seek the people’s mandate rather than cut their throats to have their way.
“We call on security agencies and INEC to brace for the challenge ahead to ensure a free and fair election in Zamfara."