The accident occurred when a passenger train crushed and dragged a government staff bus from Shogunle to the PWD area of Ikeja, the state capital, leading to the death of no fewer than six persons while about 102 others were reportedly injured. The Lagos State government has said that 53 victims of the train-bus accident that occurred at the PWD area of Lagos State on Thursday have been discharged from hospitals while 43 others are still hospitalised. The accident occurred when a passenger train crushed and dragged a government staff bus from Shogunle to the PWD area of Ikeja, the state capital, leading to the death of no fewer than six persons while about 102 others were reportedly injured. The fatal accident was attributed to the recklessness of the Lagos government staff bus driver who according to the South-West Zonal Coordinator of the National Emergency Management Agency, Mr Ibrahim Farinloye, ignored a warning signal given by the Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) flag officers. The NEMA Coordinator had on Thursday told SaharaReporters that “2 NRC flag Officers reportedly tried to stop the driver of the bus from crossing but it was said that the driver ignored the directive and drove into the rail.” The injured victims of the accident were taken to the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital and other state-owned medical facilities, where the state government pledged free treatment for them and solicited for blood donation from the members of the public. Giving an update on the incident on Sunday, Governor Sanwo-Olu on his Twitter page said that 53 of the hospitalized victims have been discharged from various hospitals where they were receiving treatment. He said, “I am pleased to report that 53 patients that were hospitalized after the bus/train accident in Lagos have now been discharged after receiving free and quality healthcare from different state medical facilities across Lagos. “Heeding our call for blood donation, Lagosians demonstrated true humanity with over 256 units of blood donated leading to swift action that saved lives. “While the discharged return to their families, let us continue to keep the hospitalized patients in our prayers.” Similarly, the state Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, who also gave an update on the incident on Sunday confirmed that 53 out of the 102 injured victims have been discharged. According to the Commissioner, 43 others injured during the accident are still being admitted in various hospitals in the state, adding that 39 were at the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), two were at the Gbagada General Hospital while two others were at the General Hospital, Odan-Lagos. The health commissioner said, “The total number of passengers involved is 102. Breakdown of location after triage: LASUTH (71), General Hospital, Lagos (4);  General Hospital, Orile-Agege (10); General Hospital, Gbagada (6); Accident and Emergency Centre (5),” Abayomi said. “Death (6), two at the site of the accident and four at LASUTH during resuscitation. Total number of patients on admission as of Sunday 12th March 2022 (43); LASUTH (39), General Hospital Odan-Lagos (2), General Hospital, Gbagada (2). “The total number of patients/passengers discharged as at Sunday, March 12, 2023, is 53.”  