Tinubu polled 8,794,726 votes, Atiku Abubakar, candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), had 6,984,520, while Peter Obi of the Labour Party (LP) secured 6,101,533. The Organisation of Islamic Cooperation has congratulated Bola Tinubu, Nigeria’s president-elect, for his victory at the polls.
On Wednesday, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) declared Tinubu as the winner of the presidential election and also issued him a certificate of return.
Tinubu polled 8,794,726 votes, Atiku Abubakar, candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), had 6,984,520, while Peter Obi of the Labour Party (LP) secured 6,101,533.
OIC in a statement by its Secretary-General, Hissein Taha, underlined that the mandate granted to the president-elect by the Nigerian electorate is indicative of their trust in his vision for Nigeria.
He expressed hope that given Tinubu’s wisdom and rich experience, he would steer the affairs of Nigeria in the period ahead to realize the aspirations of Nigerians for development and prosperity.
The statement read, “On the occasion of the election of His Excellency Mr. Bola Ahmed Tinubu to the Presidency of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, following the general elections held on 25 February 2023, H. E. Mr. Hissein Brahim Taha, Secretary General of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation has extended, on behalf of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) and on his own behalf, heartfelt congratulations to the President-elect.
“The Secretary General underlined that the mandate granted to the President-elect by the Nigerian electorate is indicative of their trust in his vision for Nigeria and that thanks to his wisdom and rich experience, he will steer the affairs of Nigeria in the period ahead to realise the aspirations of Nigerians for development and prosperity.
“The Secretary General reiterated the importance the OIC attaches to its relations with Nigeria and assured the President-elect of the OIC’s commitment to further enhance its bilateral cooperation with Nigeria in all domains, particularly in the fields of socio-economic development and the fight against terrorism and extremism.
“His Excellency Mr Hissein Brahim Taha wished the President-elect success, and the people of Nigeria further progress, unity and prosperity.”