The party demanded to know why INEC hurriedly announced the results of the elections, noting that the commission had still not uploaded all the results on its result viewing portal - IREV, 11 days after the elections. Kenneth Okonkwo, one of the Labour Party’s Presidential Campaign Council (PCC) spokespersons has called for the sacking of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, over the conduct and outcome of the February 25 Presidential and National Assembly elections.  Okonkwo accused the electoral commission under the leadership of Yakubu of selling votes of the presidential and national assembly elections to the highest bidders even when Nigerians refused to sell their votes and voted their conscience. Calling for the INEC Chairman’s removal in a statement on his Twitter page on Wednesday, Okonkwo who is also a Nollywood actor, demanded to know why INEC hurriedly announced the results of the elections, noting that the commission had still not uploaded all the results on its result viewing portal - IREV, 11 days after the elections. Okonkwo argued that since INEC has not fully uploaded the results of the presidential and national assembly elections on IReV portal, it is obvious that the elections have not ended, hence, there was no need to have announced the ‘winners’. The LP PCC spokesperson said, “Nigerians refused to sell their votes and voted their conscience. But the conscienceless INEC sold their votes to the highest bidder. There is nothing wrong with Nigerians. Our problem is dishonest and incompetent leadership. We must not allow this presidential election scam to succeed. “Mahmood INEC must go. Add your voice to this call for a sane society without insane leaders. 11 days after the presidential election, INEC IREV Portal and Server have not been fully uploaded, yet Mahmood hurriedly announced his president-elect with fabricated results. What an insanity!! “Don't lose hope. Help is on the way. Mahmood and his Lagos and Rivers State RECs must go!! In God we trust.” INEC has since announced Bola Tinubu as the winner of the February 25 presidential election but the candidates of the PDP and LP, Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi respectively have challenged Tinubu’s victory in court.