IPOB in a release noted that Igbo should be “vigilant and be prepared and ready to defend themselves and their businesses against thugs and criminals if the Nigerian security apparatus is incapable of or unwilling to protect them.” The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has charged the people of the South-East region of Nigeria, resident in Lagos State, South-West region of the country to defend themselves against any form of ethnic agenda in the state. IPOB in a release noted that Igbo should be “vigilant and be prepared and ready to defend themselves and their businesses against thugs and criminals if the Nigerian security apparatus is incapable of or unwilling to protect them.” IPOB in the statement issued by its Media and Publicity, Emma Powerful, said that the charge was sequel to the public statement from some Igbo-speaking Deltans who alleged that the Biafran group deployed its Special Squad in Lagos to cause mayhem. IPOB stated that while it would have ignored the allegation, “It is obvious that they are working with the enemies who are recently promoting Igbophobia in Lagos, and for the avoidance of doubt, IPOBs are not and can never be a party to Nigerian politics,” adding that “IPOB members are not interested in Nigerian politics and can't be used as political thugs. “IPOB will never attack any region, person, or tribe for any reason unless threatened. IPOB has never had any record of violence in all our rallies across the world. “We have acknowledged that Fulani cabals have bought over some personalities in Yoruba land to promote ethnic hatred and cause mayhem against Ndigbo. We know that the majority of true sons of Oduduwa are not and will not support the crimes being committed against Igbo residents in Lagos State and other parts of Yorubaland for that matter. “We also know that these true sons of Oduduwa are not in support of the agenda of the Fulani to cause disaffection between the Yoruba and the Igbo and we must not allow them to succeed. “However, the Indigenous People of Biafra wish to let those being used to cause trouble between the Igbo Nation and Yoruba Nation to retrace their step and join forces with well-meaning Yoruba people and the Igbo people to extricate our people from the quagmire called the Zoological Republic of Nigeria. “These troublemakers being used to achieve a set objective must understand that Ndigbo will not cower and run away for them but will rather defend themselves against criminals and political thugs anywhere. “IPOB is urging Ndigbo and Biafrans in general resident in the Western region of Nigeria, particularly in Lagos, to be very vigilant and be prepared and ready to defend themselves and their businesses against thugs and criminals if the Nigerian security apparatus is incapable of or unwilling to protect them. “IPOB is urging the Lagos State Governor, Yoruba Traditional rulers, their opinion molders, politicians, Afenifere leaders, particularly Alhaji Gani Adams to do all that is necessary to stop these criminals and their sponsors in their tracks to avoid igniting a fire that will pitch us against each other while the Fulani Caliphate is standing on the sideline laughing at us. These thugs must be compelled to desist from further attacking and bullying Ndigbo that are doing their legitimate business in Lagos. “The leaders and elders in Yoruba land should call the criminals terrorizing Igbos and their sponsors to order before things degenerate into dangerous and unimaginable dimensions. Igbo leaders and traditional rulers should equally speak out to their Yoruba counterparts. Nobody should blame Ndigbo and the youths for defending themselves against ethnic cleansing and impoverishment agenda. “Destroying Igbo's properties in Lagos because of fraud and obsession for re-election that has nothing to do with Ndigbo is barbaric and unacceptable.” 