Atiku addressed his team of lawyers on Wednesday at his campaign headquarters in Abuja. The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party for the February 25 presidential election, Atiku Abubakar, has inaugurated his legal team to challenge the outcome of the polls. The legal team which will be led by JK Gadzama, comprises 19 Senior Advocates of Nigeria (SANs).  Atiku who has rejected the result of the election as declared by the Independent National Electoral Commission, addressed his team of lawyers on Wednesday at his campaign headquarters in Abuja. The former Vice President, however, challenged the team to “establish the claim of illegality in the February 25 presidential election and reclaim the mandate of the Nigerian people." SaharaReporters had reported that the presidential and National Assembly elections were marred with irregularities such as late arrival of electoral materials, voter suppression, thuggery manipulation of election results among others. Above all, the electoral umpire breached its guidelines and regulations for election and provisions of Electoral Act 2022 and Nigeria constitution. SaharaReporters had earlier in the week reported that Atiku led a massive protest against the conduct of the 2023 general elections in Abuja. The protest which kicked off from the party secretariat popularly called Wadata House located at Maitama in Abuja was attended by large party supporters to express their dissatisfaction against the election believed to be rigged in favour of Tinubu. The protesters headed toward the office of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to call for the cancellation of the elections. Also at the protest were; the Sokoto State Governor. Aminu Tambuwal, National Chairman PDP, Iyrochia Ayu, Senator Olujimi and others Some of the inscriptions on their placards read; Our Vote Must Count; We Say No Injustice and Fraud; Democracy Under Threat In Nigeria; Save Our Democracy From INEC among others. The protesters wore black attire.