Atiku finished second behind the former Governor of Lagos State, with Peter Obi of the Labour Party finishing third.  The Atiku Abubakar presidential campaign council has lambasted the five aggrieved governors of the Peoples Democratic Party, warning them not to gloat over his loss in the February 25 general elections since some of them also lost their senatorial elections. The Spokesperson for the PDP Council, Dino Melaye, stated this on Tuesday, while noting that the governors could not claim glory for Atiku’s loss since they also failed to deliver their senatorial election. Atiku lost the presidential poll to his All Progressives Congress (APC) counterpart, Bola Tinubu. Atiku finished second behind the former Governor of Lagos State, with Peter Obi of the Labour Party finishing third. The aggrieved governors are made up of Okezie Ikpeazu (Abia), Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu), Samuel Ortom (Benue), Seyi Makinde (Oyo) and Nyesom Wike (Rivers). Three of the governors lost their senatorial election, except Makinde who is seeking a second term and Wike who never contested. The aggrieved governors formed an alliance after the party’s presidential primary was won by Atiku Abubakar in May 2022. They demanded that the PDP National Chairman, Iyorchia Ayu should step down for a southern replacement as a precondition to support the presidential candidate of the party, Atiku in the February 25 poll. They said it was unfair for the party to have northerners as its national chairman and presidential candidate. Meanwhile, Melaye, the PDP Presidential Campaign Council’s spokesperson for the February 25th election, warned Wike, telling the Rivers State governor to “bury his head in shame,” citing how some members of his group failed in the election. “The G5 who could not deliver themselves for their senate bid cannot be the ones claiming glory in purported Atiku loss. Even Wike outside thuggery and coercion of INEC officials had nothing to contribute to APC votes in Rivers,” Melaye wrote on Twitter.