Across Imo state, some parts of Owerri and its environs recorded heavy rainfall on the evening of February 25, bringing back memories of a recent flood disaster. A farmer, Mr Hibiscus Onugwu is reeling in shock over the loss of over 1,000 birds worth over a million naira (N1 million) to rainstorms on February 25, 2023, during the presidential and National Assembly elections.  Across Imo state, some parts of Owerri and its environs recorded heavy rainfall on the evening of February 25, bringing back memories of a recent flood disaster.  Onugwu, a member of Obidient Movement, was, however, unlucky as he reportedly lost over N1 million worth of chicks to the rain while he was out trying to deliver a polling unit close to him for Peter Obi, the Labour Party presidential candidate.  Narrating the unfortunate incident to SaharaReporters on Sunday, the supporter of Obi described the incident as one of the worst times for him, adding that as a young farmer it would take him months to recover from the loss.  Onugwu said, "This set of birds that I lost was brought in on the 27th of January, 2023. Unfortunately on February 25, due to my zeal for a better Nigeria, I was at my polling unit when it started raining heavily. When the rain started, I felt one of my staff members could control the situation.  "So, when the rain increased with heavy windstorm, the birds ran over one another, stamped on one another. There was clustering and over a thousand of them died as you can see in the pictures." “I had a worker there but he was inexperienced in poultry management.” He stated that before they could finish the collation and counting of results, it was already late and that largely accounted for the loss.  Onugwu, who called on Nigerians not to relent in their efforts to take back the country regardless of how they were allegedly deceived by the Independent National Electoral Commission, noted that he wasn't going to be deterred by Obi’s loss to Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress in the presidential election.  The farm is located at Okuku in the Owerri West Local Government Area of the state. 