 A Financial Times editorial has Nigeria’s president-elect Bola Tinubu’s tally of 8.8 million as the weakest of mandates, especially in a country with a population of 220 million.  The editorial of Wednesday, March 1, 2023 said though a clean election to reestablish the message of democracy was what Nigerians needed, what they got was far from it.  It noted that the election — which appears to have delivered the presidency to Bola Tinubu, a wealthy political fixer running for the incumbent All Progressives Congress — was badly mismanaged at best.  The editorial pointed out that the election failed to set the example needed for West Africa, a region where too many national leaders have extended term limits or resorted to seizing power at gunpoint.  “Nigeria remains a democracy, but only just,” it said.  It said, “The omens had been better. The emergence of Peter Obi as a viable third-party candidate had brought excitement and forced candidates to talk about policies, if only a little. Neutral observers thought the Independent National Electoral Commission was in good shape.  “They had high expectations that INEC’s promise to transmit voting tallies electronically from polling stations would eliminate ballot stuffing. The outgoing president, Muhammadu Buhari, had staked what remains of his tattered reputation on a clean contest.  “Yet the INEC badly misfired. Voting started late in many districts, depriving millions of the right to vote. The system to upload results from 177,000 polling stations stuttered, causing legitimate concerns of vote tampering during long delays. Violence was troubling.  “Party goons invaded many polling stations in what appeared to be blatant acts of intimidation. The Financial Times witnessed armed men remove a presidential ballot box in Surulere, Lagos.  “The official result put Tinubu on 37 per cent, Atiku Abubakar from the People’s Democratic party on 29 per cent and Obi on 25 per cent. But some individual results do not pass the smell test. That includes Obi’s ever-so narrow victory in Lagos state, where crowds had greeted him like a rock star.”  The editorial noted the poor voter turnout, which was 27 per cent.  “If official results are right, two-thirds of the 87mn people who lined up for hours to collect their voter registration cards failed to cast their ballot. Apathy cannot explain it.  “Something, including the possibility of widespread voter suppression, must have prevented them from voting. Total turnout of 25mn votes in a country of 220mn people is unacceptably low. Tinubu’s tally of 8.8mn gives him the weakest of mandates,” it said.  It noted that Obi and Abubakar must decide whether to pursue their claims of rigging in the courts.  Meanwhile, on Wednesday, Obi’s running mate, Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed already vowed that the Labour Party would challenge Tinubu’s victory in court, describing the election as a sham.  However, the editorial advised the judiciary not to “shrink from annulling individual contests or even the whole result” if it finds suspicions.  Regardless of what action the other contestants take, the editorial advised the next president to quickly remove the “ruinously expensive fuel subsidy and rationalise the exchange rate system”.  “The army and police, both riddled with ineptitude and corruption, need urgent reform,” it added, describing them as the minimum basic steps needed to repair the country.