Edet, who was arraigned before Justice Ahmed Mohammed by the Nigerian police on six counts, however, pleaded not guilty. A 37-year-old woman, Blessing Edet, has been arraigned before a Federal High Court in Abuja for allegedly defaming Governor Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom.  Edet, who was arraigned before Justice Ahmed Mohammed by the Nigerian police on six counts, however, pleaded not guilty.  According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the Inspector-General of Police is the complainant in the charge numbered FHC/ABJ/CR/181/2021 while Edet is the sole defendant.  Count one of the charges reads, “That you Blessing Ossom Edet ‘F’ 37 years of No. 18 Buchanan Crescent Wuse II, Abuja, on or before April 11, 2020, sent messages or other matter with the captioned: “Names of Married Women/Politicians’ Wives Sleeping with Gov. Emmanuel Loading” on Facebook.  She was also accused of sending a message with the caption: “So We Are Going Dirty It’s Time To Break The Final Table Stay Tune,” through her Facebook page.  Besides, Edet was alleged to have sent a message captioned: “That the Hon. Commissioner for Women Affairs and Agriculture, Dr Glory Edet, was the Actual First Lady of Akwa Ibom, who has Overthrown the Real Wife of the governor.”  This act, according to the charge, is grossly offensive and an offence punishable under Section 24 (a) of the Cybercrime (Prohibition, Prevention etc) Act 2015.  Edet pleaded not guilty to the six counts. Justice Omotosho, who said that the offence listed in the counts were bailable ones, held that Section 162 of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act (ACJA), 2015 allowed the court to grant the bail.  “As offences are bailable offences, this court sees no reason in denying the defendant bail,” he said.  The judge, who admitted Edet to bail in the sum of N500,000 with a surety in like sum, said the surety should be a civil servant or somebody with a reasonable means of income.  Mohammed ordered Edet to immediately after the sitting, deposit her passport with the court registry. He said should the defendant fail to meet the terms, she should be remanded at Suleja Prison pending the fulfilment of the bail conditions.  The judge adjourned the matter until May 10 for trial. 