 No fewer than 18 villagers have been killed and several injured as vigilantes clashed again with terrorists who invaded Kankara communities in Katsina State. The hoodlums had earlier on Friday attended the wedding party (Walima) of one of their kingpins, identified as ‘Mai Katifa Mutuwa’ at Majifa Village, but stayed back in the neighbourhood till Saturday to launch the attack. Some of the terrorists were also killed in the bloody clash though he could not ascertain their number. “Between 3 to 4pm yesterday, we learnt that some vigilante members clashed with some of the bandits who came to Majifa village to attend the wedding ceremony of one of their leader, known as ‘Katifa Mutuwa.’ “The clash eventually led to the invasion of nearby villages in the area by the hoodlums shooting sporadically,” a source told Vanguard. They were said to have killed five persons in Gurbi, and another 13 were found killed between Majifa, Makera and Gidan Jifau settlements. The source also noted that the terrorists invaded over 10 settlements in the area which he said includes: Gurbi, Danmarke, Majifa, Gidan Baso, Gidan Sarka, Gidan Jiho, Gidan Ancho, Gidan Sanka, Dan mangoro, Gidan Sale, among others. “The remains of 18 villagers killed in the attack were recovered while another 15 injured in the clash were conveyed to the Kankara General Hospital for medication. One among them died on the way to the Kankara Hospital,” the source said. “The death toll according to the source is expected to rise. Right now, we can’t confirm the exact number of people killed because search is still ongoing to discover if there are more victims. Fear couldn’t let us search through the night but hopefully we should be able to ascertain the exact number of casualties this morning as search for the casualties have already resumed.” The spokesperson Katsina State Police Command, SP Gambo Isah who confirmed the clash however said the details were still sketchy. He however noted that the police and other sister security agents had visited the scene, promising to respond as soon as he gets detailed information. Katsina, despite being the home state of President Muhammadu Buhari, has witnessed sporadic attacks by bandits and kidnappers that have claimed the lives of many. 