Tamaulipas Governor Américo Villarreal Anaya made this known in a phone call with Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador that was played at a news conference Tuesday. Two of the four Americans kidnapped by armed gunmen in Mexico on Friday have been found dead, while two were found alive.  Tamaulipas Governor Américo Villarreal Anaya made this known in a phone call with Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador that was played at a news conference Tuesday.  "Derived from the joint search actions, the four American citizens deprived of their liberty last Friday were found," Tamaulipas Attorney General Irving Barrios said in a tweet. "Unfortunately, two dead. Investigation and intelligence work continue to capture those responsible. Details will be given later."  One of those found alive was injured. Emergency medical services and security are responding to the situation, the governor added.  New York Times reports that the American citizens crossed into Matamoros, in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas just south of Brownsville, Texas, in a white minivan with North Carolina plates on Friday, according to the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City.  A member of the Mexican security forces stands next to a white minivan with North Carolina plates and several bullet holes, at the crime scene where gunmen kidnapped four U.S. citizens who crossed into Mexico from Texas, March 3, 2023.  "Shortly after crossing into Mexico, unidentified gunmen shot the passengers of the vehicle," the embassy said. "The gunmen herded the four U.S. citizens into another vehicle and fled the scene with them."  The four Americans were identified as Zindell Brown, Eric James Williams and cousins Latavia "Tay" McGee and Shaeed Woodard.  McGee's mother, Barbara Burgess, told ABC News that her daughter travelled from South Carolina to Mexico for a cosmetic medical procedure.  On Friday, the day of the appointment, Burgess said McGee called to say she was 15 minutes away from the doctor's office. Burgess called McGee later that day but never heard back, she said.  The Americans were taken after getting caught in the middle of a confrontation between groups, according to Mexico's president, who told reporters Monday that they "crossed the border to buy medicines in Mexico."  