Recall that the Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja on Friday granted the request of Obi and his Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) counterpart, Atiku Abubakar, to inspect the election materials used during the presidential election. The presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi, has said that he is personally heading to court today as the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) denied him and his political party access to inspect the commission’s sensitive materials used for the February 25, 2023 presidential election, including the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS). Recall that the Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja on Friday granted the request of Obi and his Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) counterpart, Atiku Abubakar, to inspect the election materials used during the presidential election. Obi and Atiku had approached the Presidential Election Court to seek permission for the inspection of election materials used during the presidential election as they are challenging the outcome of the election in which the electoral umpire declared Bola Tinubu of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) winner and president-elect. However, on Wednesday, Obi said that INEC refused to allow him and his party to inspect the election materials including BVAS, hence, he was personally heading to court with his lawyers. Obi said, “I am supposed to commence our whistle-stop campaign for our various Labour Party Governorship and State Assembly Candidates today. Initially, my trip was to take me to Nasarawa, Lagos, Enugu, Abia, Delta, Edo, Rivers, Plateau, Borno, etc. “However, following INEC's refusal to allow our party to inspect the materials (including BVAS) from the 25th February presidential elections, I am personally heading to the Court today with our lawyers. “As we pursue due process and defer to the rule of law, I urge all the OBIdients in the various states to continue campaigning for our candidates, namely, Gbadebo Rhodes Vivour in Lagos, Chijoke Edeoga in Enugu, Patrick Dakum in Plateau, Alex Otti in Abia, Ken Pela in Delta, Ibrahim Mshelia in Borno, to name just a few. “It is also imperative that Obidients vote for candidates with Competence, Character, Capacity, and Compassion. I remain committed and will give more attention to our mission of retrieving our mandate. A new Nigeria is possible!”  https://twitter.com/PeterObi/status/1633358674163892231   