Under the partnership, trained reporters, student journalists and observers were deployed across the country to promote increased youth participation and report the conduct of the elections in their locality. Young Nigerians have praised the 'Go Out & Vote Now (GOVN)' initiative which involved them in the coverage of the 2023 Presidential and National Assembly Elections held on February 25th.  In the build-up to the elections, Sahara Media Foundation in partnership with Civic Media Lab and Accountability Lab Nigeria engaged citizen journalists and student observers to raise youth voices and cover the most important polls in the history of the country.  Under the partnership, trained reporters, student journalists and observers were deployed across the country to promote increased youth participation and report the conduct of the elections in their locality.  According to Temitope Yakubu, the team lead on the project, reporters and observers were engaged and trained on reporting, identifying fake news and general coverage of the electioneering process.  "Observers from across the country, mostly members of the National Union of Campus Journalists (NUCJ) were engaged, trained on election coverage and their safety.  “They were deployed across the country; on Election Day, they were able to feed us with updates from the field. From the distribution of electoral materials, voters turn out and security reports from almost all the states."  The observers showered encomiums on the team and praised the opportunities to take part in a noteworthy initiative.  “Thanks for the chance to learn by doing,” Hussein Nuhu Isa, one of the citizen journalists who was deployed to Sokoto state said.  “Seeing my photo reports on the most engaging platform of SaharaReporters is an encouraging motivation, thanks for your tutoring by doing. I am glad to have covered the election," he said.  Chineye Onyeagorom, an observer and a member of NUCJ said, “Thank you for having me here. I hope to continue my relationship with everyone here. It's a great honour to be able to work with you.”  Another student journalist from Kano, Akpa James said, “Thank you to everyone involved. You all are great. Thanks again for the experience and training.”  Friday Odeh, Executive Director of Accountability Lab Nigeria described the partnership as premised on the notion that the media is central to the survival of democracy.  "Across the nation, they made their calls and reported on the election - making their contribution to youths’ turnout and ensuring their votes counted, with reports on transparency and accountability in the voting process," he said.