Muhyiddin was grilled on Thursday by anti-graft agency officials for a second time in a matter of weeks. The anti-graft agency is set to charge the former Malaysian Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin, over alleged corruption connected with awarding of government contracts while he was in office.  Muhyiddin was grilled on Thursday by anti-graft agency officials for a second time in a matter of weeks.  The agency chief, Azam Baki, told the national Bernama news agency that Muhyiddin, 75, will be charged in court Friday.  The agency did not give details but said it will issue a statement later in the day.  AP News reports that a large crowd of supporters gathered outside the agency building Thursday, chanting “Fight! Fight!” and “Allahu Akbar (God is great)” as they accused Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim’s government of political persecution.  Muhyiddin, 75, got out of his car and prayed with his supporters before he went into the building. In a Facebook statement hours earlier, he denied rumours that he had been arrested Wednesday while playing golf. He said he was summoned to the anti-graft agency but didn’t say why.  If Muhyiddin is charged, he will be the second former leader to be indicted after leaving office. Ex-Prime Minister Najib Razak was hit with multiple graft charges after he lost the 2018 general elections and began a 12-year jail term in August after losing a final appeal in the first of several graft cases.  Anwar took office in November. He has denied the case against Muhyiddin is politically motivated, telling local media the investigation was independently carried out by the anti-graft agency.  “If you said all cases are politically motivated, then how are we going to arrest people for big corruption cases?” he was cited as saying by the Malay Mail, an online news portal.  Last year, Anwar who is the finance minister, ordered a review of government projects approved by past administrations, including billions of dollars in COVID-19 economic aid programmes. He said some projects were awarded without proper procedures.  Muhyiddin who was premier from March 2020-August 2021, was first questioned by the anti-graft agency in February and has denied any wrongdoing. Two senior leaders from his Bersatu party recently were charged with corruption connected with the projects. The anti-graft agency has also frozen the party’s accounts to facilitate investigations into suspected illegal proceeds.  According to the report, Muhyddin leads a strong Islamic-dominated opposition coalition and has accused Anwar’s government of trying to tarnish his party ahead of state elections. Bersatu’s information chief, Razali Idris, told reporters earlier Thursday he feared Muhyiddin might be arrested and charged in court. He and other party leaders slammed such a potential move as a ploy to maim the opposition. 