Sadiku-Ohere garnered 52,132 votes against Natasha’s 51,763 votes to clinch the seat, a difference of 369 votes between them. The Kogi Central senatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Barr. Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan has written to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to review the outcome of the district senatorial election which was held last Saturday.  INEC had declared Abubakar Sadiku-Ohere of the All Progressives Congress as the winner of the February 25 election for Kogi Central Senatorial District.  According to INEC, Sadiku-Ohere beat Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan to emerge as the winner of the keenly contested election.  The INEC Returning Officer for Kogi Central Senatorial District, Prof. Rotimi Ajayi, announced the result on Tuesday in Okene.  He said Sadiku-Ohere garnered 52,132 votes against Natasha’s 51,763 votes to clinch the seat, a difference of 369 votes between them.  “Abubakar Sadiku-Ohere of the APC having scored the highest votes in the election for the Kogi Central Senatorial seat is hereby declared winner, and is therefore returned elected,” Ajayi said.  SaharaReporters earlier reported that Natasha rejected the results of the senatorial election.  She rejected the results over “manipulation of the processes, doctoring of figures, cancellation of polling units where she won and invasion of many polling units by armed thugs loyal to the All Progressives Congress”.  SaharaReporters sighted a document sent by her lawyer, A.O.F. Philip, to the electoral body, INEC on Tuesday, saying that after a careful review of the election results from the duplicate of the result sheets, it was discovered that votes were manipulated and adjusted in favour of the candidate of the All Progressives Congress.  The document reads: “We act as Solicitors to Chief Barr. Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan, the Peoples Democratic Party's (PDP) candidate for the Kogi Central Senatorial Election held on the 25th day of February, 2023 (hereinafter referred to as Our Client) on whose express instruction we write as follows.  “In the said election, Engr. Abubakar Sadiku Ohere, the Candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC) was wrongly returned with 52,132 votes and declared the winner of the election in the Senatorial District while Our Client was wrongly credited with 51,763 votes. It is important to state that the declaration was made on the 28th day of February, 2023.  “It is our position that after a careful and meticulous review of the election results from the duplicate of the result sheets, we discovered that votes were manipulated and adjusted in favor of the candidate of the All Progressives Congress.  “In Ganaja Township Ward in Ajaokuta Local Governement Area of Kogi State, The Polling Unit affected by manipulation of the step by step recording of polls .contrary to section 70 are as follows:  “a. In Polling Unit 009 on Form EC8 A(D), the votes scored by APC was 105 while that of PDP was 751 but when the votes were transferred to Form EC8B(1), 205 votes were recorded for APC and 51 votes was recorded for PDP, the effect of the manipulation led to wrongful crediting of APC with 100 votes while PDP was deprived of 700 votes.  “b. In Polling Unit 049 on Form EC8 A(I), the votes scored by APC was 46 votes while that of PDP was 210 but when the votes were transferred to Form EC8B(1), 290 votes were recorded for APC and 10 votes was recorded for PDP, the effect of the manipulation led to wrongful crediting of APC with 244 votes while PDP was deprived of 200 votes.  “c. In Polling Unit 046 on Form EC8 A(I), the votes scored by APC was 51 while that of PDP was 112 but when the votes were transferred to Form EC8B(I), 640 votes were recorded for APC and 16 votes was recorded for PDP, the effect of the manipulation led to wrongful crediting of APC with 589 votes while PDP was deprived of 96 votes. Find attached the Forms EC8 As, 8B and 8C. The information contained therein are the same as uploaded on the commission server.”  “From the above, it is obvious that if the recordings were properly done and correctly imputed, our clients would have won the election in the the Senatorial District because as against 1,135 votes wrongly recorded for APC, what ought to have been recorded for APC is only 202 votes and the excess manipulative and fictitious 933 votes would not have formed part of the election result in the Polling Units while PDP would have earned 1,073 as against the 77 votes recorded in Our Client's favor. In other words, PDP ought to have been credited with additional 996 votes,” the court document adds.