The money was reportedly calculated based on the minimum wage of the country as it corresponded to the entire period of their marriage. A Spanish man has been ordered by the court to pay his ex-wife $218,300 (204,624.86 euros) for 25 years of unpaid domestic labour.  The money was reportedly calculated based on the minimum wage of the country as it corresponded to the entire period of their marriage.  According to the documents of a court in the southern Andalusia region, seen by AFP on Tuesday, the man was ordered to pay the ex-wife “204,624.86 euros ($218,300), calculating the figure based on the annual minimum wage” throughout their marriage, a report by Alarabiya News said.  It was reported that the couple had two daughters, with their marriage governed by a separation of property regime, which specified that whatever each party earned was theirs alone, which in this case would have left the wife with no access to any of the wealth acquired through years of partnership.  It was gathered that since they got married, the wife had dedicated herself “to essentially working in the home, which meant looking after the home and the family and all that involves.”  The court documents showed a breakdown of what she would have earned annually for the years between June 1995 and December 2020. The ex-husband was also ordered to pay her a monthly childcare allowance for the daughters, one of whom is a minor while the other is over 18.  Speaking to Cadena Ser Radio, the woman, who was not named, was quoted to have said that her husband did not “want her to work” outside the home although he let her work at the gyms he owned, where she handled “public relations and acted as a monitor.”  “I have dedicated myself exclusively to housework, looking after my husband and the house. He made me take on the specific role” of doing domestic chores, to the extent that “I was in a place where I couldn’t really do much else,” she added.  It was noted that she was “very happy” about the because it was “very well deserved.” 