The teenagers lured the victim into the house of one of them who is said to be her boyfriend. The police in Adamawa have arrested seven teenagers for allegedly gang-raping a 15-year-old girl in Kodomun village.  Kodumun is in the Demsa Local Government Area of Adamawa State in the Northeast region of Nigeria.  The spokesperson for the state police command, SP Suleiman Yahaya, who made this known in a statement said that the teenagers lured the victim into the house of one of them who is said to be her boyfriend.  Then they allegedly took turns in raping her.  Yahaya identified the suspects as 17-year-old Ephraim Emmanuel; 17-year-old Madapwa Fidelis; 16-year-old Paka Albert; 18-year-old Jude Shido Aventi; 18-year-old Harmony Manade; 16-year-old Napwanwa Nahim Edmanth and 16-year-old Manbiah Ojes, all residents of Kodomun village.  He said they were arrested on Sunday.  He said, “On 4/3/2023 at about 2100hrs, the suspects lured their victim into the house of the first suspect and forcefully had carnal knowledge of her without her consent.  “The incident was reported to the Divisional Police Headquarters, Demsa by a very good Samaritan and a critical stakeholder in policing. Preliminary investigation reveals that the suspects took advantage of the victim after honoring the invitation from the first suspect who happens to be her boyfriend too. Unfortunately, she was subdued and forced to submit sexually to all the seven suspects.  “The Commissioner of Police, CP Afolabi Babatola, frowned at the irritable incident and directed the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of Criminal Investigation Department (CID) to immediately take over the investigation and ensure diligent prosecution.  “The police boss equally advised Members of the Public particularly parents to be watchful of their children especially the girl child against criminal-minded elements who are roaming about seeking who to take advantage of.  “He equally assures the Adamawa State Government and the general public of the Command’s unrelenting effort to see that it ends all forms of Gender Based Violence and assured of immediate prosecution.”  