 There’s a long and storied history of rigging in Nigerian elections. With election results behind us, it seems Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu will be the Nigerian President for the next four years. The 2023 presidential election is bound for the scrap heap of history.  However, in the minds of many Nigerians, the election was either rigged or stolen. There’s been a coalition of losers focused on overturning the results of the election or stopping the steal, in other words. But why is it that Nigerians always complain that everything is rigged and everything is stolen from pampers to diapers, from beans to bulbs, from foods to fuels, from shirts to shoes? Why are so many Nigerians impervious to reality? What’s wrong with you people?  How could the election be rigged or stolen with the use of the latest anti-election rigger technology known as the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS)? The 2023 election was neither rigged nor stolen. Here’s why: Because Nigeria enjoys 24/7 darkness, the BVAS was a customized one that could only be operated in the dark. As a result, all collation, uploading, downloading, front-loading, and backloading of transmission of election results must be done in the dark.  Because the transmission of the results was done in the dark, it made it invisible and impossible for party agents to be aware that any transmission took place. Only INEC chair, Professor Mahmoud Yakubu, top INEC officials and Aso Rock are privileged to witness the transmission of election results via BVAS.  Furthermore, the bulbs, knobs, and lamps of the BVAS spread darkness instead of light during the up-loading and transmission of election results. And what is more, the INEC central server could receive uploaded results only in the dark. Only people like INEC chair Yakubu and top officials with spiritual eyes could understand the inner workings of BVAS!  During the monitoring process of transmission of election results, Yakubu and his senior officials wore face masks, their lips couldn’t be seen, their eyes half blind, and their voices stifled. So, they were handicapped to provide the necessary oversight to ensure BVAS functions at optimum efficiency.  Nigerians, let’s count ourselves lucky that N300 billion and four years of preparation that were invested on the election gave us controversial and disputed results. We couldn’t ask for less. Meanwhile, as is our custom, let’s go up to the mountains for vigil with three months dry fasting and prayers for a miracle to change the results of the election. If we can see the invisible, God will do the impossible… It’s well… Nigeria will be great!   bjoluwasanmi@gmail.com       