Recall that Doguwa was declared the winner of the Doguwa/Tudunwada constituency election on February 25 by the electoral body. The name of the embattled ruling All Progressive Congress(APC) federal lawmaker and House of Representatives leader, Alhassan Ado Doguwa, has been removed from the list of election winners by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Recall that Doguwa was declared the winner of the Doguwa/Tudunwada constituency election on February 25 by the electoral body.
Professor Ibrahim Adamu Yakasai, the returning officer, had previously announced that Doguwa of the All Progressives Congress (APC) polled 39,732 votes to defeat his closest rival, Yushau Salisu Abdullahi of the New Nigeria People's Party (NNPP), who polled 34,798 votes.
However, Doguwa's name was conspicuously absent from the newly released list of members-elect.
INEC stated during the remark session that the declaration was made under duress, Daily Trust reports.
The don from Bayero University, Kano, could be seen reading out the results with a shaky voice in a viral video of the returning officer declaring the results.
Police authorities had stated that the lawmaker was apprehended at the Malam Aminu Kano International Airport on Tuesday.
The lawmaker was earlier arraigned before a Magistrate’s Court on charges of arson and murder.
However, on Monday before the Federal High Court, the accused's counsel, Nureini Jimoh (SAN), applied for an exparte order before Justice Muhammad Nasir Yunusa to grant the accused bail based on the magistrate's court's alleged violation of his fundamental human rights and lack of jurisdiction. 
Jimoh argued that because the accused was charged with culpable homicide and illegal firearm possession, a Magistrate's Court lacked jurisdiction to remand Doguwa.
After hearing the application, Justice Yunusa granted bail on the condition that the suspect provide two sureties, one of whom must be a first-class traditional ruler and the other a permanent secretary in the federal or state civil service. 
The Judge directed that the suspect deposit his travel documents with the Court registry, which can be released upon request if travel is required. When you return from your trip, you must resubmit your documents.
The Court also ordered that the legislator refrain from visiting his constituents during the upcoming gubernatorial and state house of assembly elections.