The Lagos State Police Command who made this known said the arrested driver would be prosecuted soon.  The driver of the government staff bus that collided with a moving train at Shogunle, Ikeja area of the state on Thursday, Oluwaseun Osinbajo, has been arrested.
The Lagos State Police Command who made this known said the arrested driver would be prosecuted soon.
Several passengers were feared dead on Thursday morning as a train and a BRT bus collided in the Ikeja area of Lagos.
SaharaReporters gathered that the moving train ran into the BRT Bus at PWD crossing in Ikeja and dragged it to the Shogunle area of Lagos.
Three bodies were recovered from the scene, while several others are injured, according to the National Emergency Management Agency.
The Managing Director, of Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC), Mr Fidet Okhiria, on Thursday disclosed that the Lagos State Staff Bus driver didn’t stop for the moving train that it collided with which led to the death of several persons.
Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State had already declared three days of mourning for victims of the accident after visiting the victims at Lagos State University Teaching Hospital, LASUTH, to commiserate with them.
He had also declared flags to fly at half-mast within the period, suspending all forms of all public engagements and political campaigns.
However, there was low a turnout of civil servants at the Lagos State Secretariat, Alausa, Ikeja, on Friday, as workers continued to mourn the tragic death of their six colleagues and 80 others injured in the train accident.
A few workers, in pensive mood, who reported for duty, observed a half-day operation as they closed at about 12 noon. Some of the workers were seen in groups, discussing the development.
One of the workers, speaking with Vanguard, described the accident as “scary and unfortunate”.
“I know the driver to be a gentleman, I don’t know what came over him to do what he is alleged to have done.
“For those who died, we pray to God to grant them eternal rest and the families the fortitude to bear the loss. As you can see, we (workers) are in a deep mourning mood here in Alausa.”