Rhodes-Vivour, who clocked 40 years on Monday, became popular after the LP won the just concluded presidential election in Lagos State. The Lagos State governorship candidate of the Labour Party, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour, has alleged death threats and assassination attempts on his life. Rhodes-Vivour, in an interview on Arise TV on Sunday, revealed that some gunmen suspected to be political thugs attacked some of his allies in the Epe Local Government Area of the state on Saturday. He said, “There have been lots of threats. We have gotten a lot of intel about potential assassination attempts on my life. Yes, it happened in Epe. “We had Honourable Wale Oluwo with us and we also had Honourable Najid of the PDP working with us and they were also shot at in Epe yesterday.” Rhodes-Vivour, who clocked 40 years on Monday, became popular after the LP won the just concluded presidential election in Lagos State. SaharaReporters had on March 8 reported that a Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) former deputy national chairman, Chief Bode George, had subtly endorsed Rhodes-Vivour and warned against an attempt to secretly eliminate him (Rhodes-Vivour). “We wish to inform Nigerians about the heinous plan, to secretly eliminate the Labour Party Governorship Candidate, Mr Gbadebo Rhodes Vivour, the latest move by the Lagos occupiers, to take him out of circulation before the election on Saturday. “We, hereby, warn that, should anything happen to this vibrant bonafide Lagosian, who fate has thrown up to free our dear state from the stranglehold of marauders, Nigerians should know who to hold,” George had said. “As we speak, there are grand designs, to provoke the peace-loving Nigerians, whose resolve is to effect change through the ballot box on Saturday, as threats are being issued against voters suspected to be willing to vote against incumbency. “For the avoidance of doubt, a particular video has gone viral, on social media, which showed a weird character, suspected to be one of the agents of the state, threatening ‘brimstone and fire’ against anybody, particularly of South East extraction (Igbo), to dare come out on election day to vote for the Labour Party.” Meanwhile the PDP kicked against George’s purported endorsement of Rhodes-Vivour, saying that the endorsement of an opposition Labour Party candidate in the state was in bad faith for the party - PDP. The PDP therefore asked the people of Lagos to reject godfatherism, as the PDP’s Lagos State State Publicity Secretary, Hakeem Amode, in a statement said that the PDP candidate, Abdul-Azeez Adeniran, popularly known as Jandor, joined the gubernatorial race to promote worthy causes that would enhance the collective well-being and security of Lagosians and Nigerians in general.