Not only Tinubu, Kperogi also listed the Kogi State governor, Yahaya Bello, Rivers State counterpart, Nyesom WIke, and the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, as “Presidents who will make me renounce Nigeria.” Prof. Farooq Kperogi, a Nigerian social critic based in the United States, in March 2022, stated that Bola Tinubu, then as a presidential aspirant under the All Progressives Congress (APC), was unfit for office and he (Kperogi) would immediately renounce his Nigerian citizenship if Tinubu ever became president. 
Not only Tinubu, Kperogi also listed the Kogi State governor, Yahaya Bello, Rivers State counterpart, Nyesom WIke, and the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, as “Presidents who will make me renounce Nigeria.” 
In a Facebook post then in March 28, 2022, Kperogi stated that Tinubu was a man who “can't even hold on to an object for five seconds without shaking uncontrollably. He can be made to sign his own death warrant--or even sign away Nigeria.” 
SaharaReporters had reported that the Independent National Electoral Commission declared Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress winner of the Saturday's presidential election.
According to INEC official results, the 70-year-old Tinubu came out top in 12 of Nigeria's 36 states, and secured significant numbers in several states to claim the highest number of votes to defeat main challengers - Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party and Peter Obi of the Labour Party who came second and third places respectively.
While Tinubu polled a total 8,794,726 million votes, the 76-year-old former Vice President, who has now run for president six times, secured 6,984,520 votes, and Obi, who, in less than a year, galvanised young voters in a manner some have described as unprecedented, finished the race with 6,101,533.
It had been reported that the election was largely characterised by voter suppression, thuggery, manipulation of results which led to the electoral umpire breaching its set out guidelines for the election, which stipulated that Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS), an electronic device designed to read Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) and authenticate voters would be used for accreditation and uploading of polling units results.
In his post in March 2022, Kperogi had written, “There are four current presidential aspirants whose (unlikely) ascension to the presidency will cause me to immediately renounce my Nigerian citizenship, stop my Nigeria- centered commentaries, and accept that the country of my birth is hopelessly irredeemable and unworthy of salvaging:
“1. Yahaya Bello. This ignorant, incorrigibly petulant child trapped in an adult’s body is destroying the littlest semblance of decency left in government in Kogi State and thinks he can democratize his infantilism nationwide. Dude can't even pay salaries to workers in his state.
“2. Nyesom Wike. This is a vicious, perpetually drunk, psychotic pocket tyrant who has missed his calling as a comedian, a sick comedian. Any country that deems such a person worthy of being a president deserves its fate.
“3. Yemi Osinbajo. This is a smooth-talking religious bigot whose entire reason for being in government is to RCCGify Nigeria. (RCCG stands for the Redeemed Christian Church of God where he’s a pastor).
“4. Bola Tinubu. This man can't even hold on to an object for five seconds without shaking uncontrollably. He can be made to sign his own death warrant--or even sign away Nigeria.” https://web.facebook.com/friends/requests/?profile_id=100089247372092&notif_id=1677826833486739&notif_t=friend&ref=notif