Tinubu won last Saturday’s presidential election on the platform of the All Progressives Congress. Bola Tinubu, the president-elect said on Wednesday that he looks forward to the day when a youth or a woman will also be elected as president of Nigeria. Tinubu won last Saturday’s presidential election on the platform of the All Progressives Congress. The former Lagos governor stated this after he was handed his certificate of return by the country’s electoral body, Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). On Wednesday morning, INEC declared Tinubu as the president-elect. Tinubu was declared the president-elect after the 70-year-old polled 8,794,726 votes to win the 2023 election. While giving his speech, he said, “As I hold this certificate, this moment is one the celebrations and gladness for us all. The road has been long, yet we walked it. The battle has been hard fought, yet we won it.’ He continued, “You see, this is more than a document or certificate of election, confirming the positive outcome of an election. “This important document symbolises our collective democratic attainment and lofty aspirations. It represents the impeding transfer of most sacred duty and trust from one person to another. As it most obliges, this certificate also symbolises that each of you has the ability to achieve what others believe is impossible for you to achieve. “I stand before you as the president-elect and yes, that is special. But I am not different than anyone of you. If I can do this, you even can do better. You must do better. Our destiny as a people and a nation depends on our apology to share the artificial restrictions of bias and prejudice so that we live fully on to our democratic creed. That no one eminently superior or entitled to greater rights and opportunities than any other Nigerians. “Very soon, this nation shall witness a young person standing before you holding this great symbol of democracy and national leadership. We shall see a woman holding this certificate as its owner. We shall experience someone from a tribe that many people have tried to dismiss for this high office,” he added  