SaharaReporters had reported that the presidential and National Assembly elections were marred with irregularities such as late arrival of electoral materials, voter suppression, thuggery, manipulation of election results among others. The Peter Obi-Datti Presidential Campaign Council has vowed that its supporters will not back down on their planned nationwide protest unless the Independent National Electoral Commission grants the Labour Party's lawyers access to materials from the contentious February 25 presidential election. SaharaReporters had reported that the presidential and National Assembly elections were marred with irregularities such as late arrival of electoral materials, voter suppression, thuggery, manipulation of election results among others. Above all, the electoral umpire breached its guidelines and regulations for election and provisions of Electoral Act 2022 and Nigeria constitution. Since the February 25 elections, criticism have continued to trail the conduct of the polls and following the accusations, both the Labour Party and Peoples Democratic Party presidential candidates approached the court to inspect all the electoral materials used during the poll. The Court of Appeal granted Labour Party requests for inspection of the electoral materials, but the Nigeria's electoral umpire has refused to grant the warring parties access to those materials. It had been reported that last week, the Appeal Court granted INEC an injunction to reconfigure the Bimodal Voters Accreditation System machines ahead of March 18 governorship and states Assembly elections. However, the chief spokesman for Obi campaign council, Yunusa Tanko, in an interview with PUNCH vowed that there would be no going back on mobilisation of their supporters to occupy INEC offices nationwide.  Tanko accused INEC of disobeying the order of the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal to grant Obi and the party access to the certified true copies of materials used in the conduct of the poll. “We didn’t fix a date for the protest because we deliberately wanted to give INEC up till Monday to respond to us first. “But when they (INEC) fail to do what they are supposed to do, our supporters will hit the streets, by the grace of God. There is no going back,” he said. 