Omo-Agege is also the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the forthcoming March 18, 2023 election. A coalition of former Niger Delta agitators of Urhobo and Isoko oil-rich ethnic nationalities of Delta state has called on the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to arrest and prosecute the Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege for allegedly diverting the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC Ltd) pipeline surveillance contracts in the region meant for the youths of the two ethnic nationalities. Omo-Agege is also the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the forthcoming March 18, 2023 election. The multi-million-naira surveillance job scandal is currently generating controversy in the state. The call for the immediate arrest and prosecution of Omo-Agege by the youths followed a protest staged on Thursday at Ovwain Express junction, Udu Local Government Area of the state. The protesters alleged that Omo-Agege diverted the funds meant for Urhobo and Isoko ethnic nations, adding that they had met with the lawmaker on several occasions concerning the slots, but nothing has been done about it.   The aggrieved youths in a statement read by the Secretary General of Ovwian community, Okoro Godspower, on behalf of the youths gave the EFCC seven days to carry out the arrest and prosecution or be ready for more showdowns on the streets of Delta. The youths noted that their neighbours, the Itsekiri and Ijaw youths, have been receiving N200,000 surveillance funds while the ‘marginalised Urhobo and Isoko youths are being paid N60,000 each’. They alleged that the balance of N140,000 on each person was being hijacked by Omo-Agege to punish them.  The statement said, "Omo-Agege had tried to cajoled us to tender hand-written resignation letters stating that we have defected to APC, with a promise that our names would be included in the pipeline surveillance contract list. “Based on the exigencies at the moment, it has become paramount and imperative for us the Ex-Agitators of Urhobo and Isoko Ethnic Nationalities to stage a peaceful protest to let the whole world know about the evil schemes of Senator Ovie Omo-Agege who has taken over the Pipeline Surveillance contract meant for the Urhobo and Isoko Nations. Since he has refused to listen to the voice of reason to remove his hand from this our God-given opportunity, we unequivocally declare as follows: Commencing from today, March 9, 2023 we hereby issue a seven days’ notice to the EFCC to arrest Senator Ovie Omo-Agege and let him explain to the whole world what happened to the pipeline surveillance contracts funds meant or Urhobo and Isoko youths. “Ordinarily, we wouldn’t have joined issues with Omo-Agege our Orogun Senator, in staging today’s peaceful protest march, knowing fully well that the Orogun Senator, will learn a lesson in a week from today, that power belongs to the people via the ballot. However, we are saddened by his recent display of lack of empathy, and human consideration, wherein our Orogun senator acquired a new private jet aircraft, with funds meant for the payment of persons who are supposed to be guarding NNPCL pipeline that transverses the length and breadth of Urhobo and Isoko land. “Unlike High Chief Government Owelzie Ekpemupolo aka Tompolo and Chief Emami Ayiri who have since commenced work at the payment of the youths of their ethnic nationalities as far as the Pipeline Surveillance Contract is concerned. Lamentably, the same testimony cannot be said of Urhobo and Isoko youths who have been pushed aside. “Today, our Orogun Senator is busy cajoling our youths to tender a handwritten resignation letter stating that they have defected to APC, with a promise before their names can be included to be part of the surveillance contract and also support him hook, line and sinker so that Omo-Agege can be sworn in as Delta state governor. We wish to end this address by reminding the EFCC that, after seven days from today, the 9th of March, 2023 and if no action is taken against the Orogun Senator, we shall return to the streets in a bigger way to agitate for our lawful rights.” Meanwhile, in a swift reaction, Omo-Agege, who spoke through his Chief Press Secretary, (CPS), Sunny Areh, alleged that the protesters were hirelings of Governor Ifeanyi Okowa-led PDP government who are ‘still licking their wounds over the woeful defeat they suffered during the last Saturday presidential election’. He added that Omo-Agege is neither a pipeline surveillance contractor nor involved in any pipeline surveillance contract funds diversion as alleged by the youths.  He said, "They are hirelings of Senator Okowa’s misguided PDP and government in Delta. Having lost woefully in the presidential election and presently struggling on all fronts in the governorship race in Delta, they mistakenly think they can dent the solid and untainted profile of the Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, who is clearly surging ahead to become the next elected Governor of Delta. “Senator Omo-Agege is not a contractor and obviously has no contract whatsoever with NNPCL on pipelines surveillance. That is an easily verifiable fact. What you are seeing is just the last kicks of a dying horse. Ignore them as the losers that they are and will continue to be." 