Reports nationwide indicate that the scarcity of the product has worsened in states with motorists buying a litre for N300. The 14-man steering committee constituted by President Muhammadu Buhari to tackle the petrol supply hurdles and regulate the price of the product has failed to end the scarcity after more than six weeks. Reports nationwide indicate that the scarcity of the product has worsened in states with motorists buying a litre for N300. Credible sources in the petroleum industry, however, confirmed to Daily Trust that the president is yet to inaugurate the panel, which is raising concerns in the country. The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, who was to superintend the committee headed by Buhari himself, could not be reached when contacted. Officials at NNPC Limited, a strong member of the committee and the sole importer of petrol, did not immediately respond to enquiries. A top official told Daily Trust that industry players are keen on the inauguration of the committee but that has not been done. “We were keen to see that the committee is inaugurated and running but that has not been done. What happened was that heads of relevant agencies tried to deepen actions to solve the problem,” said the official. Also speaking, another regulatory official said the president may have been told that the relevant agencies could handle the situation and there was no need for the committee. The situation in states across the federation has continued to worsen as Nigerians look forward to a lasting solution. Motorists in Kano said although fuel is now more readily available compared to late last year, the price is still high at private fuel stations. They also lamented difficulties in getting fuel after joining queues in the petrol stations, as a result of the cash crunch. Malam Labaran Ibrahim, a commercial bus driver said: “We normally sacrifice a whole day to get fuel at either N210 or N220. That is how we can get something to pay our balance and feed our families. We join the queue where we think or confirm fuel will be sold the following day. We normally join in the evening and stay there until the next day,” he lamented. In Kaduna, a businesswoman, Fatima Raji, said in the past three months, she had been buying petrol at between N300 and N350 per litre. 