It was learnt that the kidnapped victim was rescued unhurt and his Toyota car recovered. The Police Command in Delta State says it has neutralised a suspected kidnapper and rescued a victim along Akiweh expressway in the state.  It was learnt that the kidnapped victim was rescued unhurt and his Toyota car recovered.  The command’s spokesman, DSP Bright Edafe, made this known in a statement issued on Tuesday, noting that the suspects identified as Oghene Fejiro, 27, of Oleh was arrested with gunshot injuries. He also said one cut-to-size double-barrelled gun and two live cartridges were recovered.  He said; "On the 06/03/2023 at about 0015hrs, the DPO Ozoro Division received a distress call that one man (name withheld) was kidnapped and is being conveyed in his Toyota Corolla car and that the kidnappers were along Akiweh express heading towards Ozoro town.  "The DPO Ozoro Division, CSP Ogedengbe Areguamen, swiftly mobilized and led a combined team of Police and vigilantes from Ozoro and Akiweh communities. They created a partial hold up on the road and were conducting intensive stop and search when they sighted the said Toyota Corolla car.  "In a bid to stop the vehicle, the driver made a U-turn in an attempt to escape but the team gave them a hot chase, demobilized the vehicle, which precipitated the suspects to abandon the victim and flee to the bush while firing at the Police.  "In the ensuing gun duel, one of the suspects later identified as Oghene Fejiro ‘m’ 27yrs of Oleh was arrested with gunshot injuries, one cut-to-size double barrel gun, two (2) live cartridges were recovered and the kidnapped victim who is from Effurun was rescued unhurt and his Toyota car recovered.  "The injured suspect was taken to the general hospital where he died while receiving treatment. Investigation has commenced with a view to arresting the other fleeing members of the syndicate.  “Similarly, on the 23/02/2023 at about 2230hrs, operatives of Agbarho Division led by DSP Habu Haman received credible information about a suspected armed robber/cultist known as Kingsley Vejeta ‘m’ of Ekrerhavwe community, Agbarho, who has been terrorizing Agbarho, Ughelli and environs.”  "The operatives, in a combined effort with the community vigilantes, stormed his hideout and arrested the said suspect. During the course of investigation and interrogation of the suspect, he made useful statement and at about 0230 hours, he led the Police to the hideout of his other gang members at Ekrehavwe, Agbarho in Ughelli North LGA where on sighting the Police, they took to their heels. Seven (7) locally made cut-to-size guns, and four (4) live cartridges were recovered. Manhunt for the other fleeing suspects is ongoing," the statement added. 