The command also said that two of the hoodlums were arrested while one other was wounded during the operation. The police in Ebonyi, Southeast Nigeria have killed three gunmen in a shootout at Ishiagu in the Ivo Local Government Area. The command also said that two of the hoodlums were arrested while one other was wounded during the operation. Ebonyi Command's spokesperson SP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, who disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday, said the incident happened on Tuesday, March 7, 2023. Onovwakpoyeya, however, noted that one of its operatives, an Assistant Superintendent of Police was equally injured during the shootout. The PPRO said, “On the 7th day of March 2023 at about 2345hrs, the Divisional Police Officer of Ivo Divisional Headquarters received a distress call that unknown gunmen were firing sporadically and had also set ablaze two vehicles and a filling station.  “On receipt of the information the Divisional Police Officer swung into action and left for the scene. While at the scene information revealed that unknown gunmen were sighted sitting down in a public place at Ogwor community in Ishiagu.  “On their way, the men were ambushed and attacked, and an Assistant Superintendent of Police was shot, but the patrol team engaged the hoodlums with superior firepower. During the gun duel, one of the hoodlums was neutralised and others fled with bullet wounds."  She noted that sequel to the development, the DPO immediately called for reinforcement from the headquarters, adding that the police commissioner, Faleye Olaleye intercepted the distress call and immediately directed tactical teams of the command to storm the place with the description of the vehicle and the route through which the hoodlums were escaping.  She added, “On sighting the police operatives, the hoodlums engaged them in a gun duel at Osso junction, where two of the hoodlums were equally neutralised and two arrested.  “The following exhibit was recovered at the scene of the crime: Two AK-47 Rifles, one locally made pistol, some charms and a red Toyota Corolla car, one Fireman generator, one Haier Thermocool Fridge, a walkie-talkie radio set, 30 “AK-47′ live ammunition, 20 expended AK-47 ammunition, one AK-47 magazine, one Itel phone, one Android phone, one police (pair of) trousers, one police beret, one police face cap and some other incriminating items.” 