He said the president-elect put himself first in everything he does. The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi (Ojaja II), has described the 2023 presidential election victory of Bola Tinubu of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as a very “humbling result”. He said the president-elect put himself first in everything he does. Speaking in an exclusive interview with TVC on Thursday, after the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Chairman, Mahmood Yakubu, declared Tinubu as the winner of last Saturday’s presidential election, Ooni said a greater number of Nigerians did not vote for Tinubu but forces of nature conspired in his favour to give him victory.  The Ooni, despite emphasising repeatedly that across the country, people who did not vote for Tinubu during the election are more than people who voted for him, extolled the personality of the former Lagos State governor. He described Tinubu as a peculiar child of destiny, specially created by God. The monarch said, "It was a humbling result. A very-very humbling result. The people that did not vote for him, I mean the electorates were actually more than the people that voted for APC and Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Yet, he became the president of our dear country. "A very humbling result, and that result has a lot of permutations and meaning. It takes the deep to understand; how can you go to a competition and the people that voted against you combined together were more than the people that voted for you to become the president of the country. That is a very humbling result.  "It takes someone very peculiar, someone that has some very strong forces of nature that conspired in his favour to get into that height. And that is the president-elect, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, a very peculiar child of destiny specially created by God. For me, it is a very humbling result.  "A lot of people hate him and love him. God actually has created him, and he has been very consistent. I repeat, very consistent in his belief as a political icon, his virtue.  "He is someone that doesn't jump around. He has a brand and he sticks to his brand from inception, a progressive per excellence, very generous and he puts his interests first in anything he does, and the kind of person God created him to be is what is paying off now."  "I say to people that he is someone that never lost an election. He goes at the right time, he gets into it, he is very strategic in his thinking," the monarch said.  "A lot of people don't know that he has actually supported a lot of presidential aspirants. He supported MKO Abiola, he supported Nuhu Ribadu, he supported His Excellency Atiku Abubakar himself, he supported our current president, Muhammadu Buhari.  "Then, the time that is right for him to strike and go for the destiny called, he went for it and he came out very successful."   