In the voice call, it was actually confirmed that former President Obasanjo told Charly Boy, and Donald Duke to rally Nigerians in protest. Veteran Nigerian singer and songwriter, Charly Boy actually confirmed the audio conversation with former President Olusegun Obasanjo, asking him to rally Nigerians to protest against alleged rigging of the Saturday's presidential and National Assembly elections, new evidence obtained by SaharaReporters has revealed. Charly Boy earlier denied the audio conversation in an interview with SaharaReporters, describing it as fake. He insisted in a telephone conversation with SaharaReporters that his voice was doctored. Peoples Gazette published the voice conversation of Charly Boy and former President Olusegun Obasanjo, telling him that the February 25, 2023 presidential election “was stolen.” In the voice call, it was actually confirmed that former President Obasanjo told Charly Boy, and Donald Duke to rally Nigerians in protest against the declaration of Bola Tinubu as the president-elect. In an audio file later obtained by SaharaReporters, the veteran singer-songwriter actually confirmed the conversation with the former president. He noted that the call conversation was made about three days ago, but added that after Obasanjo considered the number of Nigerians that the current administration would kill, he later called back to stop the protest. According to Charly Boy, the protest would have covered Lagos and Abuja but since he had called to stop the protest, he had to call his 'boys' to stand down every action. Asked in the tape SaharaReporters has now obtained whether he first called Baba (Obasanjo) before the former President called him back, Charly Boy said, "Yes that is what happened. Na his phone that they tapped. Nawaoo!" "...that conversation was about three days ago. That time, he dey angry but he called back say make we forget, make I forget that they want to do it in another way.  "He said that this one (protest), they fit kill people, these bad people. But just for the benefit of wetin dey for the country. We suppose to cover Lagos, Abuja and I don tell boys to stand down the protest, we are working on other things." SaharaReporters earlier reported that the Independent National Electoral Commission declared Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress as the winner of last Saturday's presidential election. According to INEC official results, Tinubu won in 12 out of Nigeria's 36 states, and polled a total 8,794,726 million votes to defeat Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party and Peter Obi of the Labour Party. Atiku polled 6,984,520 votes, and Obi polled 6,101,533 votes. It was reported that reactions had continued to trail the election which both local and international observers had described as falling below standard. The election was largely characterised by voter suppression, thuggery, manipulation of results which led to the electoral umpire breaching its set out guidelines for the election, which stipulated that Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS), an electronic device designed to read Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) and authenticate voters would be used for accreditation and uploading of results from polling units. However, that didn't happen in the election as INEC Chairman, Prof Mahmood Yakubu, said that they had hitches with the system.