The governor, who issued the threat on Wednesday while addressing members and supporters of the ruling All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the state, asked the people of the state to cast their votes for APGA candidates. Governor Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra State has threatened to frustrate any member of opposition political parties in the state who emerges a winner in the forthcoming governorship and State Houses of Assembly elections.
The governor, who issued the threat on Wednesday while addressing members and supporters of the ruling All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the state, asked the people of the state to cast their votes for APGA candidates.
Soludo according to a video where he spoke in Igbo and obtained by SaharaReporters, threatened that he would never approve any developmental project for members of opposition parties in the State House of Assembly. WATCH: I Won’t Work With Any Opposition Party Member In Anambra House Of Assembly – Governor Soludo Brags pic.twitter.com/CAVLFT9Mk8 — Sahara Reporters (@SaharaReporters) March 9, 2023 The governor categorically said that any candidate of any of the opposition parties in the state who won the state assembly election should know he or she would be solely entitled to his salary as such individuals would have no relationship with him.
He said, “Igbo Ukwu come out. Aguata II State Constituency. This is my own constituency too. My own state constituency. We will carry the votes and in a usual way it is done, we will put it there.
“When we are casting votes, we don’t look at anybody’s face, because whoever that will work with me must be a member of APGA. whoever that will be with me in Awka here must be from APGA.
“If you vote for another person, any other person who comes up here should know that the only thing to get is only the salary. Once he is paid his salary, he will go home. Whoever is in the house does not do developmental works like hospital, school, because, how much does the person have. Only me, the governor can do them and it is only the person who is my friend, who is on good terms with me, who is in the same party with me will have access.
“When he comes in, he can tell me that here and there should be worked on and that these and these should be remembered. If it is not a member of APGA, when he comes, let him go to his house. That is how it works.
“It is only my own person that I can work with and when he calls me on the phone, I will answer and if he says there is something to do, I will approve of it, not when you bring in any party that I don’t know what it is or has anything.
“He should mind his party in his yard and at the end of the month, we will pay him his salary and he will go home. Let him not come to me to say that he wants to do this or that, no no no!!! We are not doing that. It is this person that when he comes and if there is any message for me, if I’m not available, you can send him the message because he will be by my side because he will be my right hand person. When he gets to the House, if there is any message, we can send him and he will go.”
Recall that a few days ago, a report had alleged that a helicopter entered Awka at night and took Soludo to a secret meeting at the Government House, Owerri where the agenda of the meeting was Peter Obi and how to stop him politically and otherwise.
However, the governor through his Press Secretary, Christian Aburime, had denied the allegation, describing the report as mischievous and a figment of the imagination of the authors. 