The mass strikes on targets far from the front were the first such wave since middle of February and shattered the longest calm since Moscow began an air campaign against Ukraine's civil infrastructure five months ago.  Russia fired a huge wave of missiles across Ukraine on Thursday as people slept, killing at least six civilians and knocking out power in an attack Kyiv said included six Kinzhal hypersonic cruise missiles.
The mass strikes on targets far from the front were the first such wave since middle of February and shattered the longest calm since Moscow began an air campaign against Ukraine's civil infrastructure five months ago.
They also briefly forced Europe's biggest nuclear power plant off the grid, Reuters reports.
"The occupiers can only terrorise civilians. That's all they can do. But it won't help them. They won't avoid responsibility for everything they have done," said Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy, describing strikes that hit infrastructure and residential buildings in ten regions.
Russia's defence ministry said it had carried out a "massive retaliatory strike" as payback for a cross-border raid last week. It claimed to have hit all its intended targets, destroying drone bases, disrupting railways and damaging facilities that make and repair arms.
Villagers in Zolochiv in Ukraine's western Lviv region carried a body in a black plastic bag over the rubble of a brick house completely destroyed by a missile.
They put the body into the back of a white van with two others, of at least five people killed there. A dog lay curled up on a carpet in the ruins.
Oksana Ostapenko said the house belonged to her sister Halyna, whose body was still buried under the rubble with two other family members.
"They still haven't found them. We were hoping that they're alive. But they're not alive," she said.
Another civilian was reported killed by the missiles in the central Dnipro region. Three civilians were separately reported killed by artillery in Kherson.
Moscow says such hits are intended to reduce Ukraine's ability to fight. Kyiv says the air strikes have no military purpose and aim to harm and intimidate civilians, a war crime.
In the capital Kyiv, a seven-hour alert through the night was the longest of Russia's five-month air campaign.
"I heard a very loud explosion, very loud. We quickly jumped out of bed and saw one car on fire. Then the other cars caught on fire as well. The glass shattered on the balconies and windows," said Liudmyla, 58, holding a toddler in her arms on a Kyiv street near wrecked cars.
"The child got scared and jumped out of bed," she said. "How can they do this? How is this possible? They are not humans."
Moscow confirmed it had used hypersonic Kinzhal - Russian for dagger - missiles in Thursday's attack. Ukrainian officials said it was the first time they had faced so many of the weapons, which Ukraine has no way to shoot down.