The 12-year-old student died during the school’s inter-house sports activities at Agege Stadium in Lagos.  The management of Chrisland International High School in Lagos has tendered an apology over the death of one of its students, Whitney Adeniran.  The 12-year-old student died during the school’s inter-house sports activities at Agege Stadium in Lagos.  Blessing Adeniran, her mother, has accused Chrisland of negligence over her death.  The school’s management, however, dismissed insinuations that there was foul play in the death case while citing that she slumped in public.  Chrisland also argued that Whitney complained about “not-too-buoyant health” a few days before she died.  However, an autopsy conducted at the Lagos State University Hospital (LASUTH) confirmed that the deceased died from “asphyxia and electrocution”.  Reacting in a post on its Instagram page on Sunday, the school management said it is aware of the developments around the autopsy report, noting that it is “remorseful and sorry to Whitney’s parents”.  The post read, “We are deeply saddened and sorry about Whitney’s death. We are remorseful and sorry to Whitney’s parents. We are sorry to our parents and the entire community that hosts our school. We are also very sorry to the nation at large. It was a huge loss to the school.  “We express an equal measure of apology to the Nigeria Media, another critical stakeholder, in case we have sent unbearably quiet signals. We have been quiet because this death was so shocking, we opted more for introspection and moral rectitude rather than strutting around the Media space to seize narratives. Moreso, we considered it imperative to allow the parents and indeed the entire Adeniran family the honour of their privacy as we all mourn this unfortunate loss. Whitney Adeniran was a bright and lovely student. She was popular and friendly. Her memory lives with us.  “We hereby vehemently refute the claim making the rounds that Chrisland School intends to exhume Whitney’s body. We have no such plan and assure the public that we are also parents in mourning and will not do or subscribe to anything that paints such insensitive optics that prevents our dear daughter from resting.  “We assure you all that no such thing will happen. Rather than do this, plans are underway to immortalize Whitney’s name so she can remain indelible in our consciousness. This is without prejudice to the ongoing Coroner inquest but it is a honour we owe her."  “Responding to every sensation or misinformation peddled, therefore, does not serve this purpose and we, therefore, continue to uphold restraint. Unfortunately this quiet is coming with regrettable, misconstrued conclusions. Nonetheless, Chrisland Schools will continue to cooperate with the authorities throughout the duration of the investigations, and also offer the parents every necessary support in this grieving period.  “In the meantime, we have continued to engage the Adenirans. We are not relenting, because she is our daughter too and we shall always be there with the family to navigate this dark period. To all those who have stood truly by us and the Adenirans at this trying moment, we convey our sincere gratitude.”