He noted that the Supreme Court “should not be troubled” following its recent controversial judgements on pre-election matters in the country which generated public outcry and made a lot of educated Nigerians lose confidence in its administration of justice, especially on political cases. Akinrinlola Olumide, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party in Ondo State and a member of the Atiku/Okowa Presidential Campaign Council on Wednesday said It is futile to seek justice at the presently constituted Supreme Court.
He noted that the Supreme Court “should not be troubled” following its recent controversial judgements on pre-election matters in the country which generated public outcry and made a lot of educated Nigerians lose confidence in its administration of justice, especially on political cases. 
Olumide in a statement signed on Wednesday advised the duo of Peter Obi and Atiku Abubakar not to institute any case against Bola Tinubu or the All Progressives Congress at the just concluded 2023 presidential election. 
"I advise my party, the PDP, and Labour Party to come together and unite ahead of the March 11, 2023 governorship and state assembly elections across Nigeria. Both of them should come together, work together and focus on the next election. 
"Since every case ends at the Supreme Court of Nigeria, I advise the duo of Peter Obi and Atiku Abubakar not to institute any case against Tinubu-APC on the just concluded 2023 presidential election. 
"Justice Ariwoola’s Supreme Court should not be troubled following its recent controversial judgements on pre-election matters in the country which generated public outcry and made a lot of educated Nigerians lose confidence in her administration of justice, especially on political cases. 
"If this observation is correct, going to the court to file a case against the outcome of the presidential election which will end at the Supreme Court, will be an exercise in futility taking cognisance of the above. 
"I, therefore, call on his Excellency, the incoming president of Nigeria, Senator Bola Tinubu, to form a government of national unity involving the Labour Party and the PDP considering the division in the country amid the religious and tribal sentiments this election has caused with the North embracing Atiku, while the Southwest voted for Tinubu, amid the Southeast’s supports for Obi. 
"The outcome of the election shows that the division among Nigerians across tribal and religious sentiments is at its peak. Tinubu’s presidency must do something urgently to arrest this.
"It is also on record that INEC was not transparent in the conduct of this election considering the abuse of the electoral processes whereby BVAS was used in some areas for accreditation and bypassed in some areas as well as the double standard of the electoral umpire (INEC) over the electronic transmission of election results amidst its outright failure to transmit most of the polling unit results.
"This action by INEC has undermined the transparency and credibility of the just concluded 2023 presidential election.
"It may be difficult for Senator Tinubu to unite Nigeria if the two leading opposition parties are not incorporated into the government to douse tension and mitigate the division already created by the outcome of the election among the three major tribes in the country," the statement added.