Whereas some of the clerics claimed that God spoke to them and they were sure that the former Vice President and presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, would win the presidential election, some said it would be Peter Obi of the Labour Party while others prophesied that Bola Tinubu of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) would become the next Nigerian president. Before the February 25, 2023 presidential election, some Nigerian pastors delivered varying prophecies on winners and losers of the election.
Whereas some of the clerics claimed that God spoke to them and they were sure that the former Vice President and presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, would win the presidential election, some said it would be Peter Obi of the Labour Party while others prophesied that Bola Tinubu of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) would become the next Nigerian president.  
Though with varying prophecies, all the pastors and prophets claimed that they received their prophecies from God, PM Nigeria News reports.
However, the outcome of the presidential election has turned some of the clerics to what could be described as fake prophets whom according to the Holy Book of God, the Bible, those who God did not send nor spoken to as captured in the book of Jeremiah 23:21-22 which said, “I have not sent these prophets, yet they ran: I have not spoken to them, yet they prophesied. But if they had stood in my counsel, and had caused my people to hear my words, then they should have turned them from their evil way, and from the evil of their doings.”
Five pastors and prophets whose the outcome of the presidential election has proven wrong and to be fake include the spiritual leader of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, who prophesied that Atiku of the PDP would emerge the next president of Nigeria.
Ayodele had in a statement by his Media Aide, Oluwatosin Osho, listed some of the assignments given to Atiku when he becomes the president to include restructuring, fixing the education sector, reducing the price of petrol, and reviving the economy.
“Among these three candidates, Atiku has been given an assignment from God to fix the nation within four years. If God gives Atiku victory in this election, he is to use only four years for this special assignment.
“If he wins and refuses to do the will of God for the people, he will see the wrath of God.
“He will not complete his term because God’s anger will be placed on him. His assignment is to form an all-inclusive government, take care of security within six months, restructure before his term ends, reduce petroleum prices, fix the education sector, and revive the economy,” the cleric had said.
But Ayodele’s prophecy has been proven to be fake as Tinubu of the APC won the presidential election according to the results announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Similarly, a popular pastor and founder of Christ Embassy, Pastor Chris Oyakhilome, in his prophecy said that God showed him Obi of the Labour Party as the next president of Nigeria.
Oyakhilome on Friday, February 17, 2023 in what looks like indirect endorsement of Obi said that Obi is God’s preferred choice for Nigeria to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari.
In his narrative and spiritual description of the three top candidates, the cleric said that the first candidate in his revelation was not himself but under the devil’s influence, saying “He is under the influence of a devil. The devil was mocking and laughing, scoffing at Nigerians. The devil is using him. It is a wicked spirit of darkness, a mocker. The devil’s name is jackal. A jackal is a trickster, a swindler, who usually operates on behalf of another for the purpose of deception. This demon is mocking Nigeria. But he has been cut off.
“In the spirit, the second candidate, if you let him get into office, you will have no country. You would have sold your country.
“The third candidate was winning. He didn’t want to lose, but he was afraid of winning. Then I prayed, and the Lord gave him wing to fly.”
But Oyakhilome’s prophecy has been proven to be fake by the outcome of the election as Tinubu emerged president-elect.
Also, the General Overseer, King of Kings Deliverance Ministry Worldwide, Prophet Emmanuel Chukwudi, prophesied that Atiku would win the presidential election, claiming that God told him the PDP’s candidate would emerge victorious in the election, but his prophecy has came as fake with the victory Tinubu.
In the same vein, a Kwara-based Christian cleric, Pastor Christopher Olabisi, prophesied that he heard from God that Atiku would win the presidential election, adding that Atiku would build a good foundation for his successor that everyone will know as a visionary president.
Unfortunately, Olabisi’s prophecy hit a rock of disappointment as Atiku only secured second position in the election.
Like other clerics,  a lead pastor of the Bible Base Miracle Assembly in the Nkpor area of Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State, Rev Jerry Nwachukwu, prophesied that Obi would win the 2023 presidential election. 
It was however proven to be fake as Obi only came third according to the presidential election results declared by the INEC in which Tinubu emerged a winner of the poll.