The All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council (APC PCC) has taunted the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar and his Labour Party (LP) counterpart, Peter Obi, for separately claiming winners of the February 25, 2023 presidential election. The APC PCC Adviser on Media and Communication, Dele Alake, while speaking at a press conference in Abuja on Friday said that Atiku was only crying foul as he surely knew that the exit of Obi from the PDP and his eventual emergence as the Labour Party candidate was dangerous. Alake said that Obi’s candidature on the platform of the Labour Party dealt a fatal blow to Atiku’s aspiration, adding that the former Vice President’s loss was compounded by the withdrawal of support by the five PDP governors. Alake said, “Contrary to the false claims of Atiku and Obi, the reasons for losing the elections were foretold. Besides the delusional expectations created during the campaigns to hoodwink the public, most PDP leaders knew their party had been decimated by Mr. Peter Obi. “The South East and South South that were traditional strongholds of PDP constituted the core support base for the Labour Party. PDP went into this election without its limbs and lied to itself that it could win the race. It is worthy of note that Atiku also accepted this fact during his press conference yesterday, when he lamented that his party’s votes in the South East and South South regions were carted away by the LP. “The PDP also found itself in No.3 in Kano, with a former member, Kwankwaso running away with over 900,000 votes. How far could the PDP have gone with what was left of it? Not so far as the results of the elections have shown. The members of G5 were key leaders of the party who had substantial political influence. They also went away with their own pound of flesh, leaving a crippled PDP to scavenge for crumps of votes.” Also, Alake described Obi as a candidate who would go down as Nigeria’s most dangerous and divisive politician, saying that “He elevated his well-known clannish mentality to a most unfortunate height by openly anchoring his campaign on religion and ethnicity.” The APC PCC spokesperson said that Obi “presented himself as a poster boy for and a champion of our country’s fault lines. He took advantage of our youths whose expectations are fast paced, who are uninterested in excuses, and who were in search of a hero. He pumped up their sentiments and rode on their emotions while grandstanding as a saviour. It was a false pretence. Obi’s credentials are eternally stained as a former governor with no remarkable legacy.” According to him, “Not a few of our youths thought Peter Obi looked like the leader they wanted and many of them could not tolerate any form of scrutiny of their newfound hero. They chose wilfully to canonise him while insisting no one should ask questions. The combination of the disgruntled youths, the ethnic champions, and commercial clerics were the reason Obi thought he could win a presidential election in Nigeria. Such illogic is not strange to the Labour Party.” Alake said that “If the Labour Party could not fill up its quota for polling booth agents with a shortfall of over 40,000, how did it intend to compete with political parties like APC and PDP? It would be interesting to see what evidence of rigging the Labour Party will present before the court when the party could not appoint agents to monitor nearly a quarter of the venues of election. “As we look forward to an encounter with both the PDP and LP at the court, we want to enjoin the two of them to pursue their grievances with decorum. They should encourage their members, supporters, and ethnic and religious consultants to follow the path of the rule of law.”