The family called for thorough investigation into the incident to unravel the brain behind the killing which they considered to have political undertone. The family of the murdered Peoples Democratic Party, PDP chieftain in the Idanre Local Government Area Council of Ondo State, Akinlabi Akinnaso Akinfolarin, has commissioned human rights lawyer, Femi Falana (SAN), to get justice for the family over the gruesome death of their son. Akinfolarin popularly called Oluomo, a father of three, was allegedly shot at close range by one of the officers of the Nigerian Army deployed to maintain security at the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Collation Centre, Owena/Ayetoro in Idanre town. The politician had accompanied the newly elected winner of the House of Representatives for Ifedore/Idanre Federal Constituency, Festus Akingbaso, to receive his Certificate of Result from INEC. The family called for thorough investigation into the incident to unravel the brain behind the killing which they considered to have political undertone. Narrating what happened, a resident said, “The peaceful Idanre community, in Ondo State, did not remain the same on the 26th February, 2023, this was shortly after the highly anticipated presidential and national assembly elections. “Agents of the different parties have earlier followed their different votes to Owena, the local government area headquarters and INEC's collation centre after the election. “Akinlabi Akinfolarin, popular for the alias, Oluomo Malay, was to join others in not just casting votes but also monitoring it to make it count. This is owing to the fact that he is a party agent in the election. “While waiting alongside many other party faithfuls, spectators for the declaration of results at the collation center, he was allegedly waylaid by two soldiers who challenged him for staying where he was. Worthy of special note is the fact that the process was already drawing to a close as the candidate who won for the House of Representatives, Festus Akingbaso, was almost getting his certificates of return. “On being challenged by the soldiers for staying a bit close to the centre, eyewitnesses said he made attempt to leave until they started beating him. He however made it known to them that he had not in any way attempted to disrupt the electoral process. But they wouldn't listen. “Another soldier who is yet to be identified reportedly came down from the vehicle, moved very close to him and shot. He was said to have aimed him from the back. Though he was blamed loudly by his other colleagues who felt he should not have shot. “Dispersed party faithfuls who witnessed the incident attempted to rescue him by quickly rushing him to the hospital, though he did not survive. The unfortunate death was disclosed on a public WhatsApp group by the Medical Director of the Idanre General Hospital, Dr. Kayode Omishogbon. “The wife, children and family members have been thrown into deep sadness since the unfortunate death of their breadwinner. The father particularly felt so bad that his obedient and easy-going son was labelled a thug. “The young, vibrant youth, got popular for his business acumen and wide travels across seas, especially to Malaysia and various other countries. He was earlier noticed at the rally of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party which took place some days before the tragic event in Idanre. The massive rally preceded the election which took place on the 25th February. “Oluomo has stayed put at the local government headquarters and collation center a day before his unfortunate death. He was reported to be one of the foot-soldiers and agents of the candidate contesting under the umbrella of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the House of Representatives in the election, Festus Akingbaso.”