A statement by the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, SP Abimbola Oyeyemi, on Monday morning stated that Olusegun who was rescued on Saturday was kidnapped by some gunmen at Mobalufon area of Ijebu Ode on Thursday on his way from Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. Operatives of the Nigeria Police Force, Ogun State Command have rescued a kidnapped journalist identified as Oduneye Olusegun, in the Idimu area of Lagos State. A statement by the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, SP Abimbola Oyeyemi, on Monday morning stated that Olusegun who was rescued on Saturday was kidnapped by some gunmen at Mobalufon area of Ijebu Ode on Thursday on his way from Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. The journalist was kidnapped in his Toyota Camry car at about 7:50p.m by the gunmen who later called his wife through his phone Friday morning and demanded N30million as ransom. The police spokesperson explained that upon receipt of the report of the abduction of the journalist, the Ogun State Commissioner of Police, CP Frank Mba, directed the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in charge of Obalende Divisional Headquarters, SP Murphy Salami, whose jurisdiction the incident happened to ensure the safe rescue of the victim. “In compliance with the CP's directive, the DPO mobilised his detectives and embarked on a technical and intelligence based investigation of the incident. Their efforts paid off when the Toyota Camry of the victim was traced to Idimu area of Lagos, where the kidnappers were hibernating waiting for the ransom. “On sighting the policemen, the hoodlums engaged them in a shootout which lasted for about 45 minutes before they abandoned the car and took to their heels after sustaining varying degrees of injuries. “The victim's car was soaked with the kidnappers’ blood as a result of gunshot injuries and was recovered by the police team. “Having realised that the game was over, the kidnappers were left with no alternative than to abandon the victim, and he was recused unhurt. Meanwhile, the CP, Frank Mba who commended his men for their gallantry and their professional conduct appeals to members of the public especially the hospitals and traditional healers to report to the police if anybody with gunshot injuries is seen in their area,” the PPRO added. Oyeyemi further stated that CP Mba also warned criminals to stay clear from Ogun State as the command was battle ready to take the fight to their doorstep. 