Recall that the Supreme Court had extended the deadline for the use of the old banknotes of N200, N500 and N1,000 till December 31, 2023. The Gani Fawehinmi memorial organisation (Gafamorg) has demanded immediate compliance from the President Muhammadu Buhari government on the Supreme Court’s ruling on the Naira swap policy. Recall that the Supreme Court had extended the deadline for the use of the old banknotes of N200, N500 and N1,000 till December 31, 2023. This was stated by a seven-man panel of the apex court in a unanimous decision where it stopped the federal government from ending the implementation of the naira swap policy until December 31. Justice Emmanuel Agim who read the judgment held that the correct process for the redesign policy had not been followed. It faulted President Muhammadu Buhari for introducing the policy without the Council of States, the Federal Executive Council, the Civil Society and other relevant stakeholders. However, neither the Central Bank of Nigeria nor the Buhari administration has complied with this decision. Hence, Gani Fawehinmi memorial organization, in a statement jointly signed by Comrade Agunbiade Babatunde, the group National Chairman and Comrade Akintunde Adedeji, the group National PRO, accused the government of being insensitive to the plights of Nigerians. The statement reads: “Gani Fawehinmi memorial organization (Gafamorg) unequivocally calls on the Federal Government of Nigeria to urgently without hesitation obey the Supreme Court pronouncement on the reversal of its stand and position over the N500 and N1000 as legal tender. “Nigerians was jolted and taken by surprise by the announcement of the CBN Governor, Mr. Godwin Emefiele on the introduction of the redesigned N200, N500 and N1,000 naira notes into the country's financial system on 26 October, 2022, with a 3 months deadline and ultimatum for Nigerians to comply with the CBN  directives and access the new notes, which has become an herculean task after the unveiling of the redesigned notes till date. “The attendant negative multiplier effect and untoward challenges Nigerians faced and are still contending with in ensuring they change their old naira notes to new ones became nightmarish, which led to the mopping up of the new notes by some powers that be and scarce commodity, while an average Nigerians cannot access them, thus were left with no other option than to revert to the use of the old notes after being caught in the web of failure to meet with the deadline for the swap of the naira notes from old ones to new. “Subsequent upon this anti people/masses policy of the CBN and Federal Government, which has sent many Nigerians into their early graves in the process of accessing the elusive new naira notes in various commercial banks, legal suits were filed against the FG and CBN in the High Court for the extension of naira notes swap, to enable Nigerians have access to the new notes and allow massive spread and circulation, but the FG had been toying with the lives of the people, based on its stoic stance and unperturbed disposition to the Court injunction and pronouncement. “The latest of such is the Supreme Court (SC) judgement of 10 March, 2023, ordering the validity of N500 and N1000 notes as legal tender currency till 31 December, 2023, against the FG April 10, 2023 who invalidated the two denominations, declared only old N200 notes as valid and legal tender to be spent alongside the new N500 and N1000 notes. “Mum has been the word from President Muhammadu Buhari since this currency swap saga, while he eventually told the Supreme Court that in as much as he follows the rule of law, he will not obey their order, after SC issued the interim injunction extending the validity of the N500 and N1000 notes to March 10, 2023. CBN on its part said they are not bound by SC interim injunction, while the AGF Malami, the Country NO. 1 Chief law officer said that currency matters are not part of his brief. “Gafamorg in summation believes the FG position on the disobedience of SC pronouncement is contemptuous, negates and contradicts its adherence to rule of law and tantamount to be above the law of the country as executive arm of the government, perhaps playing superiority over the judicial arm but we are not unmindful of the role of separation of powers between the different arms of government, but as it is a statement of fact that the court is the last arbiter on any contending issues, the FG is in contempt and must obey the SC judgement.” The group demanded Immediate and urgent obedience to the Supreme Court judgement by the FG on the old naira notes, to ameliorate the suffering and harrowing experiences Nigerians are going through on a daily basis. The statement continued: “An end to FG adamancy, persistence, flagrant disregard and disrespect to all Court judgement on the fiscal policy and sundry judgement as well. “FG must avoid a situation whereby Nigerians that are pushed to the wall already, due to the ridicule of rule of law by its officials, which may trigger preventable protests or uprisings tended towards or may lead to mass revolt, because of agonizing situation they are subjected to, due to inaccessibility of their hard earned money. “FG must ensure to factor in and take into consideration, the interest of the masses they governed, in the event of policy formulation that may impact negatively on them, while in the spirit and letters of participatory democracy, public opinion and polls should be sought, conducted to feel and gauge peoples concern and expectations. “Immediate FG broadcast on the SC judgement in consonance with the validity of N500 and N1000 as legal tender currency, to assuage the feelings of the people, empathize with them for the pains they went through in the course of the naira redesign.” 