Mr Ibrahim Farinloye, South-West Zonal Coordinator of the National Emergency Management Agency confirmed this to SaharaReporters in a WhatsApp message on Thursday morning, saying the bus driver ignored a warning signal given by Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) flag officers. The alleged recklessness of a Lagos government staff bus driver reportedly caused the fatal accident that occurred in Lagos on Thursday morning after a passenger train crushed the bus and its passengers. Mr Ibrahim Farinloye, South-West Zonal Coordinator of the National Emergency Management Agency confirmed this to SaharaReporters in a WhatsApp message on Thursday morning, saying the bus driver ignored a warning signal given by Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) flag officers. “2 NRC flag Officers reportedly tried to stop the driver of the bus from crossing but it was said that the driver ignored the directive and drove into the rail,” the message said. WATCH: Train, BRT Bus Collide In Ikeja, Lagos pic.twitter.com/Ui7KfdNQcs — Sahara Reporters (@SaharaReporters) March 9, 2023 SaharaReporters earlier reported that the moving train ran into a bus at the PWD crossing in Ikeja and dragged it to the Shogunle area of the state.   This has led to the death of at least six persons, according to NEMA. About 80 persons were injured. A message from Farinloye reads: “2 adult female staff of the State Government dead and several injured evacuated. “The State Government staff bus was trying to cross the PWD/Sogunle rail crossing while the train coming into Lagos from Abeokuta trapped the bus on its rail.” “4 additional persons have died on arrival at the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital of the 84 injured rescued to the hospital,” another statement reads. An eyewitness, identified as Musa Hayatou, also chastised the bus driver for failing to stop the train despite hearing a warning signal.  He said, “The vehicle looked okay. But I think the fault is from the driver because there is no way before a train would put a stop to his journey, at least it is going to horn from a mile away and I think if you are a driver, you should be aware of your sound when you are driving. “The train is coming from Ikeja Along and is going to be stopped at PWD, the train will be horning from that same Airport junction,” he added. 