Adesina had in an article titled, ‘FOR PMB, IT’S NIGERIA AND NOTHING ELSE’ published last Thursday admitted irregularities in the electioneering process.  Femi Adesina, the Special Adviser to President Muhammadu Buhari on Media and Publicity has insisted that there were irregularities in the just concluded Saturday elections.  On 1 March, the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, Mahmood Yakubu, declared Bola Tinubu of the ruling All Progressives Congress winner of the presidential election.  According to INEC, he polled 8.8 million votes to defeat his biggest challengers, Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi of the Peoples Democratic Party and Labour Party presidential candidates respectively.  Atiku had 6,984,520 votes while Obi polled 6,101,533 votes.  The opposition candidates have approached the court to challenge the result.  Adesina had in an article titled, ‘FOR PMB, IT’S NIGERIA AND NOTHING ELSE’ published last Thursday admitted irregularities in the electioneering process but said his principal, President Buhari was never part of any ‘mago-mago’.  He had said, “The first phase of the 2023 elections has been held, to elect a new President, and National Assembly members. Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu has been declared the winner and issued a Certificate of Return. Was it a perfect election? Not so. Electronic transmission of results failed, due to technical glitches, and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) had to resort to manual collation.”  In another article titled, ‘I refuse to give up on INEC’ published on Thursday, the presidential aide insisted the election wasn’t perfect.  According to him, his view has been corroborated by Chatham House, the American Ambassador in Nigeria and INEC itself.  “Curiously, however, the words Sahara Reporters tried to put in my mouth now constitute one side of the narrative trailing the February 25 election. Chatham House has said it. The American Ambassador in Nigeria has said it. And INEC itself has admitted that the election had challenges, which it would strive to correct in the Governorship and State Assembly elections now postponed to March 18,” Adesina said.  “And that is why I still repose confidence in the INEC as led by its Chairman, Prof Mahmood Yakubu. It has not tried to hide behind one finger, proclaiming loudly that the election was the best thing that ever happened to us in Nigeria.  “By the way, do you have perfect elections even in the Western world? America, more than once, has had highly disputed presidential polls. So also some other major democracies of the world. And it is quite manly to own up to it, as INEC has done, and resolve to do better. Prof Yakubu held a meeting with Resident Electoral Commissioners (RECs) from all over the country in Abuja last weekend, and he declared:  “No doubt, last week’s national elections raised a number of issues that require immediate, medium, and long-term solutions. The planning for the election was painstakingly done. However, its implementation came with challenges, some of them unforeseen. The issues of logistics, election technology, behaviour of some election personnel at different levels, attitude of some party agents and supporters added to the extremely challenging environment in which elections are usually held in Nigeria.”  “The election came with challenges, some of them unforeseen. Does it then tantamount to a perfect exercise? By no means. Are there perfect elections anywhere in the world? A rarity. But is INEC trying to cover its shortcomings in areas where they didn’t measure up to pledges and promises earlier made? Not at all. Hear Prof Yakubu again:  “We appreciate the sacrifice and doggedness of Nigerians and the dignity and maturity displayed by political leaders even in the context of divergent views about the election. A lot of lessons have been learnt. Of immediate concern to the Commission is how the identified challenges can be addressed as we approach the concluding phase of the General Election involving the largest number of constituencies i.e. 28 State Governorship elections and 993 State Houses of Assembly seats.”  “Frank. Honest. And that gives cause to still maintain confidence in the electoral umpire. An organization that has owned up to lapses, and is willing to correct them in the immediate and long term. This is the pledge it has made.”