The group said this was his plot in order to create room for negotiations for his emergence as the Chief Executive Officer. A group, the Niger Delta Youths and Stakeholder Congress, has raised the alarm over the continued delay by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to commence probe on the Executive Vice President of the Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited (NNPCL), Tombomieye Adokiye, on allegation bothering on alleged crude oil theft and instigation of youths to stage a mega protest in the region. The group said this was his plot in order to create room for negotiations for his emergence as the Chief Executive Officer. The group wondered that its petition against Adokiye, dated January 28, 2022 and officially endorsed by the commission's chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, since February, 28, 2022 for investigation has not been treated, making room for suspicion. In the petition addressed to the chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Abdulrasheed Bawa, signed on behalf of Niger Delta Youths and Stakeholder Congress, by its secretary, Davies Iyieke, obtained by SaharaReporters, the group accused Adokiye of deliberately sabotaging the economy of Nigeria through alleged sponsorship of crude oil bunkering and theft and deliberately excluded core Niger Delta youths and other stakeholders from all NNPC concessional empowerment in the upstream subsidiaries. This, they said, was as “punishment” for their refusal to incite, instigate mega protests and crisis in the region to create negotiation for his emergence as Chief Executive Officer. According to the group they were been punished by Adokiye for their continuous and over bearing support for the federal government amongst other unlawful activities with evidence capable of creating breakdown of peace in the Niger Delta. They alleged that Adokiye who was Group Executive Director (Upstream), against his oath of office, vowed to instigate huge confusion undermining the human, capital and infrastructural development of the Niger Delta, loss of revenue for Nigeria through sponsorship of oil bunkering activities and involvement in oil theft. “Amid fanning embers of fresh crises in the Niger Delta through deliberate exclusion of core Niger Delta youth leaders and stakeholders from all NNPC youth and stakeholders concessional empowerment schemes, contract placement in all upstream subsidiaries and corporate social responsibility (CSR), Local Content Benefits is his total insubordination to the GMD- Mallam Mele Kolo Kyari who personally directed him severally at our instance to further direct other Managing Directors (MDs) and Group General Managers (GGMs) to assist us and other Niger Delta Youths and Stakeholders as punishment for our refusal to instigate mega protest and crises in the Niger Delta Region to create negotiation for his emergence as C.E.O. "Further punishment for our continuous over bearing support for the government of the federation and the Federal Republic of Nigeria amongst other unlawful activities with evidences capable of creating breakdown of peace in the Niger Delta. It would interest you to note that the Niger Delta youths and stakeholders congress have sought all available avenues to reach out to the GED-upstream with evidence (Mr. Adokiye Tombomieye) several times appealing to him on the GMD's Account to graciously consider our several months (Initial 8 months and a later 3 months) of over stayed Hotel/Logistics Bills in Lagos which he had Human, Capital, infrastructural Development of the Oil Rich Niger Delta. "To also partner with you on several area of interest as advised deliberately that led to the confiscation of cars belonging to stakeholders whom he had initially directed to go to NAPIMS and later directed NAPIMS not to attend to Niger Deltans yet insisted that huge bills were deliberately generated as he had promised to take adequate care. These issues and that of his deliberate exclusion had been reported to all leaders, ex-agitators amongst others whom some have tried to intervene but to no avail. As alternative youths leaders & stakeholders having studied the above issues raised at our youth leadership congress in Calabar reached a resolution to seek your urgent intervention, saving our soul in the interest of peace as our Local Content concessional benefits have been diverted to cronies and constrained/loose women willing to quench the insatiable erotic urge. "Desires of the GED upstream undermining the GMD's directive and the mandate of President Muhammadu Buhari on Local Content rather than stakeholder, identified despite our patriotism and our contribution in ensuring the consolidation of the much achieved peace in the Niger Delta Region. We wish to utilize this opportunity to plead with your high sense of Justice and fairness to intervene urgently as angry Niger Delta Youths have vowed to utilize all legal and equitable remedies available to resist the punishment and untold hardship Deliberate Exclusion directed by the group executive director GED-upstream for his selfish over ambitious interest. “Once again, we pledge our unalloyed support to your ideologies, dreams and join other well-meaning Nigerians to pray four your successful master plan even as the Almighty crowns and provide you with more wisdom to continue to lead exceedingly in war against economic /financial crimes the protection of lives, properties and overall development of the Niger Delta and the entire Nigeria at large. We are hopeful that your fatherly role in shaping of Nigeria will also affect our generation of Niger Delta youths please note "a stitch in time saves nine". The petition had read. As at press time, all efforts to get reactions from Adokiye, were unsuccessful as he did not pick up calls nor respond to messages put to him. 