Nigerians reserve the right under chapter four (4)  of the 1999 constitution as amended to own properties anywhere they choose to have it within the country and keep same the way they desire, this includes their money. The CBN's right under the Act establishing it includes redesigning the naira but same does not extend to precluding Nigerian citizens access to their hard-earned money.  Nigerians reserve the right under chapter four (4)  of the 1999 constitution as amended to own properties anywhere they choose to have it within the country and keep same the way they desire, this includes their money.  A policy therefore, of the Central Bank of Nigeria that makes it impossible for Nigerians to access their hard-earned money - their property, is a violation of their fundamental right under the aforementioned law. This infraction is actionable as the wrong goes to the root of citizen's welfare and this is enforceable under the law.  The CBN must pay compensation to citizens to ameliorate the widespread hardship their inconsiderate policy has cost Nigerians and they must write an open letter of apology to Nigerians, to be in the national dailies on account of the injuries they have inflicted on law abiding citizens in the past one month.  Section 46 (1) of the 1999 constitution as amended says, "any person who alleges that any of the provisions of this Chapter has been, is being or likely to be contravened in any State in relation to him may apply to a High Court in that State for redress."  The CBN in its own interest, must address the Nigerian citizens on this issue under reference, consider them for financial compensation, issue a letter of apology and/or face legal action immediately. The arrogance of the CBN has been seen and felt by Nigerians before, during and after the policy in dispute and this is to say the least, most intolerably repulsive.  I shall go to court on this. We cannot allow our institutions to get away with issues like this - gross violation of statute without consequences. We must confront them and go to court when necessary, as a breach of the right of one is a breach of the right of all.  There is a continuous injury here, a needless violation of the rights of citizens as we speak as the scarcity of cash has not abated until now even after the CBN' s so-called injection of the new Naira note into circulation. The whole exercise has been traumatic and draining.  You cannot throw two hundred million people into turmoil and irrepressible hardship, irresponsibly without consequences, especially when whatever you intended to achieve in the process was worthless and unnecessary as widespread hardship has overridden the purpose, if there were any.  Emefiele's inarticulate and flawed understanding of monetary policy and the president's ignorance of the subject under reference is a type of "the blind leading the blind," the Holy writ says, they will both fall into a ditch.  In the above case, it was the Nigerian citizens that fell into the ditch. People became a shadow of themselves because two people in a country, in a bid to cure mischief, threw the nation into an irreversible condition of economic restiveness.  These very minorities believe they will get away with this but it will never happen. They must face the court of law on this issue and the consequences of their actions thereof, must apply.  I shall go to Rabbi again. 