Several passengers were feared dead on Thursday morning as a train and a BRT bus collided in the Ikeja area of Lagos.  The Managing Director, of Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC), Mr Fidet Okhiria, on Thursday disclosed that the Lagos State Staff Bus driver didn’t stop for the moving train that it collided with which led to the death of several persons.
Several passengers were feared dead on Thursday morning as a train and a BRT bus collided in the Ikeja area of Lagos.
SaharaReporters gathered that the moving train ran into the BRT Bus at PWD crossing in Ikeja and dragged it to the Shogunle area of Lagos.
Three bodies have so far been recovered from the scene, while several others are injured, according to the National Emergency Management Agency.
However, Okhiria gave an account of the brief he got on the accident while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria in Lagos State.
He said; “According to the information I gathered at the scene of the incident, they said many cars stopped when they got to the level crossing while the Lagos State Staff Bus driver continued moving, which I don’t know why.
“Maybe the driver thought he could pass before the train got nearer to him. He could not pass, and then the train crushed the bus; that is what we gathered.
“The train was coming from Ijoko to Iddo,”
He urged Lagos drivers to be more careful when passing through the level crossing, to avoid train accidents, while he appealed to motorists to consider the level crossing at all times.
Okhiria said that when motorists get to the level crossing, they should not ignore the point where they should stop.
The Director, of Public Affairs and Enlightenment Department, Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Mr. Taofiq Adebayo, had said in a statement that a Lagos State Government staff bus was crushed by a moving train at PWD, Ikeja.
Adebayo who said that the staff bus was with registration no 04A- 48LA, noted  that the enforcement officers of LASTMA were the first emergency responders at the scene of the accident.
Adebayo said they had called other emergency responders to join in the rescue, adding that the accident recorded some casualties as the staff bus was fully loaded with government workers going to the office on Thursday morning.