Some of the party members had noted that the endorsement led to a break-up between Mbah and Nnamani, contrary to beliefs that Mbah was being controlled by Nnamani. A former governor of Enugu State, Senator Chimaroke Nnamani, has fallen out with the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship candidate in Enugu State, Dr. Peter Mbah, and both are no longer in alliance, top party members confirmed ahead of March 11 governorship election. The party members noted that the relationship between Nnamani and Mbah became strained after the PDP governorship candidate was recently endorsed by another former governor of the state, Barrister Sullivan Chime. SaharaReporters on Tuesday reported that the endorsement of Mbah by Chime, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, had caused ripples among party members in the state. Some of the party members had noted that the endorsement led to a break-up between Mbah and Nnamani, contrary to beliefs that Mbah was being controlled by Nnamani. Chime, who also served as the governor of the state between 2007 and 2015, had at his residence on Sunday endorsed the PDP candidate, Mbah, throwing the APC and the Labour Party challengers into a frenzy. “I have had interactions not just with him (Mbah), but also Frank Nweke (APGA), Chijioke Edeoga of the Labour Party, and to me, looking at the field, Peter Mbah is the best Enugu can offer now. “I have no reservations whatsoever in endorsing and supporting him. I believe knowing Peter Mbah too well, that he will not disappoint Enugu,” Chime had said. However, former governor Nnamani was not pleased with the endorsement, party members said. Mbah’s “offence”, according to PDP sources, was the appointment of Ikeje Asogwa as the Director-General of Enugu PDP Campaign Organisation, over one Shere, who was Nnamani’s choice. Shere was, however blocked by Mbah, who insisted on Asogwa instead. Shere is an ally of Nnamani and was the Secretary to the State Government in Nnamani’s administration. “It was learnt that Nnamani protested to Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, but Mbah still insisted on Asogwa, as he could not adduce any good reason it shouldn’t be Asogwa. The governor then said it was better to allow Mbah’s choice since he is the one funding the campaign”, the party members explained. Furthermore, Nnamani opposed the appointment of one Nana Ogbodo as the spokesman of the campaign organisation even though he is from Nnamani’s neighbouring village in Nkanu West LGA. Nnamani equally opposed Hon. Ogbuefi Ozomgbachi’s appointment into the Campaign Council. Nnamani was said to have told Mbah that appointing Asogwa and Ogbodo into such strategic positions was like disrespecting him (Nnamani) and he swore never to participate in the Mbah or Enugu State PDP’s campaign until both men were removed. True to his words, Chimaroke did not participate in Mbah or PDP’s campaign for a day. He did not also attend the Enugu East Senatorial Zone endorsement rally where a former governor of old Anambra State, Senator Jim Nwobodo and former Senate President and APC chieftain, Senator Ken Nnamani, endorsed Mbah as the zone’s sole governorship candidate. It was also stated that these developments made Nnamani to pull out of the PDP campaign, and campaign for Bola Tinubu, to the annoyance of the Enugu people who overwhelmingly voted for Labour Party’s Peter Obi.