The students under the leadership of Abubakar Abdullahi, stated this on Wednesday, in a declaration note titled: "Kaduna State University (KASU) Students Described Uba Sani And APC As Students’ Enemies." Ahead of Saturday's governorship and House of Assembly elections, students of Kaduna State University have declared the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress in the State, Uba Sani, as a "lifetime nemesis". The students under the leadership of Abubakar Abdullahi, stated this on Wednesday, in a declaration note titled: "Kaduna State University (KASU) Students Described Uba Sani And APC As Students’ Enemies." The statement signed by Abdullahi, President Kadssu KASU, accused the APC and Sani of causing too much harm than good to students and Kaduna State as a whole. The students said the APC government which Sani was part of increased tuition which caused the dropout of over 2,000 students who could not afford to pay for the new school fees. Abdullahi recalled how Sani, a former Senator who represented Kaduna Central Zone, confirmed to the public during a debate for governorship candidates on BBC Hausa held at the university that he would sustain the policies of Governor Nasir El-Rufai’s administration.  The statement reads, "History will never be kind to us as students’ leadership, who were duly elected by the majority number of students in the university if we failed to tell them the truth at this trying time. "It has come to our notice that some chicken change and corrupt individuals parading themselves as Kadssu KASU Students’ leaders have liaised with Uba Sani to illegally pay the sum of N50,000 as stipend for the hiked tuition fees to some selected persons. “I therefore on behalf of my executive members and all Kaduna State University Students make it clear to the public that we have no hand in whatsoever agreement they made regarding the kangaroo arrangement for payment as it's nemesis will never set us free. "We don't want Uba Sani to pay any stipend. If he truly loves Kaduna State Students, then he should advise El-Rufai to reverse or reduce the hiked tuition fees as a sitting Senator and El-Rufai's close ally." "I, therefore, call on all well-meaning Kaduna State University Students not to be distracted by the failed government as we will continue agitating for reversal or decrease of our tuition fees to enable every student complete his/her course of study," it adds. 