Eddy Megwa, Director Press and Public Relations in a statement signed on Monday compelled to bring to the notice of the general public the dangers of unauthorised use of NYSC uniform, logo, lyrics, literature and other intellectual materials associated with the scheme. The management of the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, has said that it will not hesitate to initiate legal action against any individual or group that contravenes the provisions of the corps' Act as the use of the NYSC Uniform. Eddy Megwa, Director Press and Public Relations in a statement signed on Monday compelled to bring to the notice of the general public the dangers of unauthorised use of NYSC uniform, logo, lyrics, literature and other intellectual materials associated with the scheme. The scheme said it is greatly disturbed by the circulation of various contents on social media for entertainment and political purposes. The NYSC said it remained apolitical and neutral in the ongoing political and electioneering process and that the unregulated materials continued to portray the NYSC in bad light. The statement read in part; "Management of the National Youth Service Corps is compelled to bring to the notice of the general public on the dangers of unauthorized use of NYSC uniform, logo, lyrics, literature and other intellectual materials associated with the National Youth Service Corps. "The Scheme is greatly disturbed by the circulation of various contents on social media for entertainment and political purposes where the NYSC uniform is used without consent. "The National Youth Service Corps remains apolitical and neutral in the ongoing political and electioneering process and these unregulated materials continue to portray the NYSC in bad light. "For emphasis, section 14 of NYSC Act clearly specifies that any person who, not being a person serving in the service corps or duly authorised so to do, wears the uniform or any part of the uniform of the service corps is guilty of an offence and liable on conviction to a fine of N1,000 or to imprisonment for a term of six months or to both such fine and imprisonment.” "The Management of the Scheme henceforth, will not hesitate to initiate legal action against any individual or group that contravenes the provisions of the NYSC ACT as regards the use of the NYSC Uniform. The general public should please take note," the statement added. 