Rhodes-Vivour, who disclosed this on Wednesday during a press conference in Lagos, expressed confidence that his party will defeat the ruling All Progressives Congress in the state. The governorship candidate of the Labour Party in Lagos State for the March 11 governorship election, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour, has revealed that the party garnered over 900,000 votes in the presidential election but was robbed off the victory.  Rhodes-Vivour, who disclosed this on Wednesday during a press conference in Lagos, expressed confidence that his party will defeat the ruling All Progressives Congress in the state.  According to him, Labour party won in Alimosho and Ikeja and had over 900,000 votes in the election, adding that it shows his party will defeat the APC in a free and fair contest. Rhodes-Vivour’s claim contradicts the results of the presidential election for Lagos as announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission. According to INEC, the presidential candidate of Labour Party, Peter Obi polled 582,454 votes to defeat his closest rival, Bola Tinubu of the APC, who polled 572, 606 votes. Tinubu is a former Lagos governor. Rhodes-Vivour said, “We won in Alimosho, we won in Ikeja, we won in Lagos Mainland despite all the cheating and manipulation of votes that we saw from 50,000 votes that are missing in Alimosho and another 20,000 votes missing in Ikeja.  “From our situation room, we saw that we won over 900,000 votes as opposed to APC 155,000 votes.  “We took Lagos State and returned back to the people." He assured that if elected the state governor on March 11, 2023, his government will create opportunities to make life more meaningful for the people of the state. He said, "We have an empowerment scheme to lift one million people out of poverty in Lagos.” "We will ensure we tackle poverty and by doing this, we are going to take the wealth that has accumulated in the hands of one man, his family and his friends and put it in the handS of everyday Lagosians.” he said. He also promised to take thugs off the streets of Lagos and make them employable. Rhodes-Vivour urged the party supporters to come out en masse and vote for the Labour Party in the state governorship and House of Assembly elections, adding that the mandate they gave the party during the presidential and National Assembly elections would be reclaimed as the party was heading to court to seek redress. “We must complete this process of taking Lagos and taking Nigeria back for the people of Nigeria. “We have been fooled once because the INEC chairman promised us that we are going to have electronic transmission of votes; the security agencies promised us that we are going to have peaceful election, we saw that is not the case and that is not going to happen again.  “I assure you Lagosians to come out with confidence because we have made plans for your safety and you will start to see those plans manifest in the coming days.  “So, don’t be deterred, we must complete this mission, we have made independent arrangements and you are going to be safe,” Rhodes-Vivour said. 