Some of the officers who spoke to the newspaper had threatened to boycott the March 11 governorship and state house of assembly The Nigerian Police Force has begun the payment of special duty allowances to some officers who participated in February 25 Presidential and National Assembly polls. 
SaharaReporters had exclusively reported how the police authorities failed to pay the officers their allowances for work done during the poll.
Some of the officers who spoke to the newspaper had threatened to boycott the March 11 governorship and state house of assembly elections if the money was not paid.
The officers said they used their own funds throughout the election expecting that they would be refunded.
“Nigerian police officers are suffering in terms of salaries. Imagine, after working diligently for the elections, police are entitled to collect N150,000 for election allowances but we didn't get any money,” a female Superintendent of Police had told SaharaReporters on Friday.
“Those that received; just a few of us got N35,000. Please come to our aid, we police are working but suffering in terms of our salaries. Kindly tell our IGP (Inspector General of Police) to pay us our money. Even our arrears that the President signed for us, we were not paid.”
Another aggrieved officer attached to a police command in Southeast Nigeria had said, “I am a police inspector serving in Imo state command. I know several times you have been fighting through newspaper publications for the police authority to pay the outstanding six months’ arrears but all to no avail.
“This time around, the presidential election allowances are another thing that is making us feel dejected. Some selected personnel have collected their allowances. While the majority of us, especially those receiving salaries from Nigeria Police Microfinance Bank, have not been paid.
“Till date, no reason was given. The allowance is N35,000 flat rate. Other banks paid before the general elections. Many of us have not received it across the country. The Nigeria police microfinance bank has not paid the money. They are even frustrating everyone collecting salaries in the bank with their poor service.
“They don't pay salaries on time, even when they pay, one cannot access the money. Transfer is not working, ATMs are not working, cash is not available, we are suffering.”
Reacting to the publication, Force spokesperson, Olumuyiwa Adejobi claimed the funds had been paid to all the officers. According to him, all lodgments have been made to respective Deposit Money Banks (DMBs) for onward payment to police officers banking with them.
He, however, directed the officers that are yet to receive payment of the election allowances to visit their respective banks and take up such matters with them to ensure that the process of resolving the issues responsible for the delays is fast-tracked.
“Such delay has not gone down well with the force. In that note, the force urges all officers and men who are yet to receive payment of the election allowances to take up such matters with their respective banks to ensure that the process of resolving the issues responsible for the delays is fast-tracked,” Adejobi said. 
"It is pertinent to reaffirm that issues of non-payment should not be ascribed to the Force as the Police Account and Budget Office have done the needful and preparations are underway to pay the second tranche of election allowances for the Gubernatorial and State Houses of Assembly elections next week.”
Speaking to SaharaReporters on Saturday, one of the aggrieved officers confirmed payment of his allowance.
He said, “This is to inform you that the police authorities have started paying the money. They started today (Saturday). Thanks for your wonderful work to help the Nigeria policemen. Kindly ignore the spokesperson who is benefiting from the system.”