Lawan on Tuesday while contributing to a motion sponsored by Senator Ibrahim Oloriegbe (APC, Kwara Central) on the controversies surrounding the February 25 presidential and National Assembly elections, said that the Electoral Act 2022 does not provide for electronic transmission of election results as being demanded by many Nigerians for 2023 election results. The Labour Party vice-presidential candidate, Yusuf Baba-Ahmed has lambasted the Nigerian Senate President, Ahmad Lawan over his claim that there is no electronic transmission of results in Electoral Act of 2022 as amended.  Lawan on Tuesday while contributing to a motion sponsored by Senator Ibrahim Oloriegbe (APC, Kwara Central) on the controversies surrounding the February 25 presidential and National Assembly elections, said that the Electoral Act 2022 does not provide for electronic transmission of election results as being demanded by many Nigerians for 2023 election results. The Senate President who has been reelected as senator to represent Adamawa Northwest senatorial district, explained that what was passed by the National Assembly was taking pictures of election results and transferring to the server of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC.  He said: “In the Electoral Act that we passed, there is nothing like the electoral transmission. What we have passed is to transfer all the paper works that we normally do while the agents and everybody there have the papers.  “INEC will now scan or snap the result sheets and transfer them. We urge INEC to follow the Electoral Act and other laws on their guidelines.  “In this chamber, we are not going to interpret the Electoral Act. This is not a court of law. We are just to guide this debate and talk about the general principles of how this election and declaration should be done. There is no need to stress ourselves.  “What we are doing is to urge INEC to follow the law and the citizens should be calm.”  But fielding questions during a press conference in Abuja on Wednesday, the Labour Party vice-presidential candidate lambasted the Senate President.  He described the Senate President as an "irresponsible person that should not be listened to," insisting that despite the Electoral Act and the constitution that states that nobody can contest two positions in one election, Lawan did and the Supreme Court made him a senatorial candidate.  Baba-Ahmed said, "The gentleman you are referring to, the Senate President even though I am former senator and I believe in our integrity, this gentleman as far as we are concerned, he contested presidency and then now he is an elected senator returned by the Supreme Court, and you cannot contest two offices in the same election.  "It is on record he contested presidency and Supreme Court now says he is a senatorial candidate and then, he sits as Senate President to give us this kind of opinion. It is very-very difficult for me to say this but I will have to say it, that such an irresponsible person must never be listened to." 