Speaking during an exclusive interview with The Punch, George said that Nigerians voted for its presidential candidate, Peter Obi, on February 25, 2023, presidential and elections because they were tired of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party.  A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Bode George, has described the Labour Party (LP) as a movement and not a political party per se.  Speaking during an exclusive interview with The Punch, George said that Nigerians voted for its presidential candidate, Peter Obi, on February 25, 2023, presidential and elections because they were tired of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party.  He lamented that members of PDP G5 governors - Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State and Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State lost their senatorial bids because there was an attempt to kill the key figures in the battle.  Asked how he feels about the Labour Party winning in Lagos State, in the presidential election, the former Military Governor of Ondo State said, “I don’t see the LP as a party per se. It is a movement. People got tired of the lacklustre attitude of these two political parties.  “The younger generation including my children told me to my face that daddy I am voting for this new party. We are tired of your PDP and APC. That was what happened in Lagos. We made it clear that if you don’t make a southern person the presidential candidate of our party, we are not going to work with you. It is a misery.  “The younger generation, the #EndSARS boys came out that they are tired of APC and PDP. The result was resounding here in Lagos. They beat the two of them blue and black. It’s a result of the anger in these kids.”  Asked if he thinks Obi stands a chance in court to displace Tinubu as the winner of the presidential election, George said, “Absolutely, if he can go there and prove his case and prove the figures that he has and the figures that (Mahmood) Yakubu and his team gave to him.”  George, who is also a member of the PDP Board of Trustees described the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as a party of contraction and a congregation of strange fellows.  He described the presidential and the National Assembly elections as shambolic, shameless, full of inadequacies and futility, adding that he was heartbroken because he thought Nigerians were going to lift the country to the level of a civilised world and that from every polling unit, the results would be transmitted electronically into the server of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).  According to him, the loss of the presidential and many legislative seats by the PDP is a big lesson. He said, “I hope this will be a lesson and we will shut the doors and tell ourselves some whole truths so that the party that these people established only carries the colours of this nation from the swampy forest to the savannah region.  “It will not die today. APC is a party of contraction, a congregation of strange fellows. That is what we have got but we overpriced ourselves, we were over-arrogant. In politics, I think this will be a lesson more than any political science class.” 