She, however, added that after the autopsy result was released, the principal came to her house saying that she would like them to maintain a cordial relationship.  The mother of Whitney Adeniran, the 12-year-old pupil of Chrisland Schools who died during the school’s sports competition in Lagos State, Southwest Nigeria, has noted that the school management has suddenly become apologetic after the autopsy result on the cause of her daughter’s death was released. In video footage published by Gistlover, Whitney’s mother said that the school management had been hostile and moving with lawyers everywhere they were invited to including the police station and the Magistrate Court. She said that even when they visited them, that was the case. She, however, added that after the autopsy result was released, the principal came to her house saying that she would like them to maintain a cordial relationship. “Before this result came out, they were acting all high mighty. The police will summon us, they will bring about six lawyers and only me and my husband would be like, why this plenty lawyers? What is happening? “The day we went to the Magistrate Court, they were there with plenty lawyers and I was wondering, we have not been asked to bring lawyers, why all these lawyers? It was confusing. The day they came to our house, they came with a lawyer. “My baby died and I was at the health centre crying, they had gone to the police station to tie loose ends. “Now result is out, only for the principal to show up in my house, that she wants us to maintain a cordial relationship. That she wants it to be that when this whole thing dies down, if we see her outside, we can greet her and she can greet us. Greet who? No, that is not possible. Let us solve my daughter’s own first. When that one is sorted, then we will know if we will greet outside or not. “Her children are intact but mine is missing. A whole human being is missing. I have been crying every day. It has been tough,” she said. SaharaReporters had reported that 12-year-old Whitney died during the school’s inter-house sports competition at Agege Stadium in Lagos State, Southwest Nigeria. The father of the deceased, Dr. Michael Adeyemi Adeniran, said his daughter had no health condition or ailment as of the time the school bus picked her up for the event, adding that no explanation was given to him and his wife by the school regarding their daughter's death. 