SaharaReporters had exclusively reported on Friday that the Nigeria Police Force refused to pay the special duty allowances to personnel who participated in February 25 Presidential and National Assembly polls. The leadership of the Nigerian Police Force has met with the managements of defaulting banks, who were responsible for the delay in payment of 2023 election duty allowances to police personnel, after a report by SaharaReporters.
SaharaReporters had exclusively reported on Friday that the Nigeria Police Force refused to pay the special duty allowances to personnel who participated in February 25 Presidential and National Assembly polls. 
Some of the officers had told SaharaReporters that if the money was not paid they would boycott the March 11 governorship and state house of assembly elections.
The officers had said they used their own funds throughout the elections expecting that they would be refunded.
“Nigerian police officers are suffering in terms of salaries. Imagine, after working diligently for the elections, police are entitled to collect N150,000 for election allowances but we didn't get any money,” a female Superintendent of Police had told SaharaReporters on Friday.
“Those that received; just a few of us got N35,000. Please come to our aid, we police are working but suffering in terms of our salaries. Kindly tell our IGP (Inspector General of Police) to pay us our money. Even our arrears that the President signed for us, we were not paid.”
Sequel to report of SaharaReporters, the Inspector General of Police, Usman Baba, met with the DMOs at the police force Headquarters in Abuja, on Monday, to address the alleged delay or non-payments of the police personnel election allowances. 
The Force Public Relations Officer, Olumuyiwa Adejobi, who disclosed this in statement, said the meeting was in furtherance of the IGPs passion to address the delay, adding that "information/evidence from the Police Account’s and Budget’s Department showed that the banks have been credited as schedules of payment have been dropped with the banks even before the February 25 presidential and national assembly elections.
“So, we urge the affected officers to remain calm as every penny accrued to them will be paid.
“Even the commencement for the payment of the second tranche for the governorship elections will be paid as from Tuesday 7th February 2023," he said.