Chinoso also shot the FOB Rabah Command Sergeant Major (CSM), Sgt. Iliyasu Inusa, and another private soldier, Attahiru Mohammed, after he had killed Oladapo. The Nigerian Army says it has instituted investigation into the incident of a soldier, who went wild, killed his colleagues and himself at the Forward Operations Base (FOB) Rabbah, Sokoto State. The soldier identified as Lance Corporal Nwobodo Chinoso, had shot dead the Commander of the Forward Operating Base (FOB) Rabah in Sokoto State, Lt. Sam Oladapo. Chinoso also shot the FOB Rabah Command Sergeant Major (CSM), Sgt. Iliyasu Inusa, and another private soldier, Attahiru Mohammed, after he had killed Oladapo. After shooting his colleagues, Chinoso thereafter committed suicide by shooting himself. The Director, Army Public Relations, Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu confirmed the incident. He added that the circumstances leading to the incident could not be immediately ascertained. The statement read, “The sad and rare incident occurred in the evening of Sunday 5 March 2023 at the FOB, where troops were deployed for Internal Security Operations. The circumstances leading to the incident could not be immediately ascertained, as the soldier who killed his colleagues also shot himself immediately, terminating his own life. “The General Officer Commanding (GOC) 8 Division Nigerian Army, who also doubles as the Commander Joint Task Force Northwest Operation Hadarin Daji, Major General Godwin Mutkut, and other senior officers have visited the location, where he commiserated with troops for losing their colleagues in such an unfortunate situation. He urged them to be their brother's keepers and report any anomaly observed amongst their colleagues in order to forestall such incidents. He also encouraged them to remain calm and committed in the discharge of their duties. “The authorities of the Nigerian Army are deeply concerned about this unusual and ugly development and have therefore instituted a Board of Inquiry (BOI) to unravel the circumstances surrounding the incident. It is envisaged that the findings of the BOI will help forestall such ugly and bizarre occurrence in the future.” Some Nigerian soldiers had in the past complained about poor welfare, overstayed in a particular region and treatment by the military hierarchy. They said they were battling with depression and post-traumatic disorder because the authorities refused to carry out a rotation. In April, 2021, Kila Jima, a corporal in the Army’s 152 Battalion, Banki, Borno State killed himself. In March, 2021 a soldier, Bello Useni, with the Nigerian Army School of Armour in Bauchi killed himself. In September 2020, a lance corporal attached to the Army’s 27 Task Force Brigade in Buni Gari, Gujba Local Government Area of Yobe State, committed suicide at his duty post. In July 2020, a soldier in the army’s 202 battalion in Bama, Borno State killed a lieutenant who did not give him pass to visit his family. In 2019, a soldier hanged himself in Abuja. And in 2017, another soldier committed suicide after killing his superior officer.