Justice H.E. Maha while delivering judgment in the fundamental rights suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/994/2021 and filed by his lawyer, Barr Festus Ogun, condemned the arrest and detention of Ngornadi. A Federal High Court in Abuja has ordered the immediate release of Mr. Emeka Ngornadi, a businessman who was arrested and detained by the Department of State Services (DSS) in April 2021.  Justice H.E. Maha while delivering judgment in the fundamental rights suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/994/2021 and filed by his lawyer, Barr Festus Ogun, condemned the arrest and detention of Ngornadi. He described it as illegal and unconstitutional.   The judge also awarded the sum of N5 million in favour of Mr Ngornadi as compensatory and exemplary damages.  Festus Ogun while speaking to SaharaReporters described the judgement as a victory against tyranny and the arbitrary clampdown on citizens’ liberty. “The SSS (State Security Service also known as DSS) is now left with no other option but to release my client immediately. Indeed, this is a victory over reckless abuse of human rights,” Ogun said. Ngonardi was arrested by DSS while travelling from Lagos to Anambra State by DSS operatives who were said to have been trailing him for two years. It was gathered that before his arrest, the businessman was travelling from Lagos to Anambra to deliver baby items and goods he had bought for his pregnant wife who had called to inform him that her Estimated Delivery Date was close. The wife eventually gave birth in June but lost the baby due to psychological trauma over the arrest of her husband.  The DSS had accused him of being an IPOB member for openly expressing support for Biafra agitators and condemning security agents for the killing of innocent citizens in the Eastern region of the county. Emeka had also developed a strange illness in DSS custody as he was said to be vomiting blood. He also reportedly has rashes all over his body and had been denied access to doctors or drugs by the secret police. The situation had raised concerns among his family members as his health condition got worse by the day. The DSS had refused to charge him to court as he continued to languish in illegal detention in violation of his fundamental rights. But the service hurriedly transferred him to a military holding facility at Wama in Niger State shortly after he filed a suit challenging his unlawful detention.         