Zagazola Makama, a counter-insurgency expert disclosed this in a series of tweets. About 26 fishermen have been shot dead in an attack by suspected Islamic State of the West African (ISWAP) militants in the Gamborun Ngala area of Borno.  Zagazola Makama, a counter-insurgency expert disclosed this in a series of tweets.  According to Makama, the farmers were killed while fishing and fetching firewood in Mukdolo village, located about 19 kilometres north of Dikwa Town.  The victims are expected to be buried on Thursday.  “Dozens of the terrorists riding on motorcycles stormed the field and began shooting sporadically,” Makama tweeted.  “The sources said that nine among the victims managed to flee, among them, three with bullet wounds but the gunmen surrounded the rest of the 26 victims at gun points.  “They asked them to lay down. Thereafter, they used their fishing net and wrapped on them before they started torturing them. After they became unconscious, they opened fire at them, killing them instantly.  “The bodies of the 26 farmers were later recovered during search and rescue operation by troops who received the news by victims who fled the attack.  “The attack on civilians came one week after the troops of Operation Hadin Kai intercepted and killed one Commander of the jihadists and some of his fighters during a fighting patrol in Mukdolo village.”  Boko Haram has increasingly targeted farmers, herders and loggers, accusing them of spying and passing information to the Nigerian military.  They have also been raiding herding communities and stealing cattle, a valuable commodity in the region to fund their operations.  In 2020, the insurgents invaded a rice plantation in Zabarmari, a community in the Jere Local Government Area, killing at least 43 farmers. Boko Haram and its offshoot, Islamic State West Africa Province, have become more ferocious in recent times.  The Nigerian Army has repeatedly claimed that the insurgency has been largely defeated and it frequently underplays losses. The terror group has killed hundreds of people and displaced millions of individuals mainly in Adamawa, Borno and Yobe states. 