Melaye made this known in a video he released on Monday night, alleging the Naira swap policy implemented by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government was a manipulative technique to ensure the ruling party, APC remained in power. The spokesperson of the Atiku-Okowa presidential council and former Senator, Dino Melaye, has stated that the Peoples Democratic Party presidential campaign council was starved of funds because it (PDP) was the target of the naira redesign policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria. 
Melaye added that money was given to the APC presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, as the APC shared new notes on Election Day across the country and the PDP was starved of funds. 
Melaye made this known in a video he released on Monday night, alleging the Naira swap policy implemented by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government was a manipulative technique to ensure the ruling party, APC remained in power. 
This came just hours after the PDP leadership, led by Senator Iyorchia Ayu, and other party chieftains stormed INEC's headquarters to protest the declaration of the All Progressives Congress presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, as the president-elect following the February 25, 2023 elections.
The PDP, the Labour Party, and the New Nigeria Peoples Party all rejected the election results, claiming that it was marred by violence, rigging, and a lack of integrity due to the failure to upload the presidential results on the IRev portal in real time on the election day, among other issues.
The PDP also bemoaned the "irregularities" that it claimed occurred during the election process.
Melaye further remarked that “to make sure that the mandate of the people given freely to Atiku Abubakar is retrieved, we spent over N400bn just for a caricature show. INEC deceived Nigerians.
On the naira redesign, the spokesperson alleged that "because money was given to Bola Tinubu, the APC shared new notes on Election Day across the country and the PDP was starved of funds. INEC's ruse to deceive Nigerians was the redesign of the naira.” 
He also urged all PDP supporters and democracy supporters across the country not to let this happen.