Junior doctors are qualified physicians, often with several years of experience, who work under the guidance of senior doctors. Junior doctors across England plan to go on strike on March 13 for three days, to protest over pay and burnout that risk driving staff out of the health service.  Junior doctors are qualified physicians, often with several years of experience, who work under the guidance of senior doctors and represent a large part of the country's medical community.  Reuters said Poh Wang plans to go on strike with tens of thousands of other British junior doctors next week, saying he is overworked, underpaid and burdened with a student loan he cannot imagine paying off.  “We've reached a boiling point where we have had enough. The anger is palpable that we have been used and abused and devalued to this extent,” said 28-year-old Poh Wang, who is a council member of the British Medical Association (BMA), which represents doctors and medical students  “We hate the sound of clapping, applause because it's empty,” said Wang, referring to Britain's Clap for Our Carers campaign for health workers during the height of the pandemic.  “If you value us and what we've gone through and in terms of the sacrifices that we've made then pay us properly.”  The BMA estimates that junior doctors' take-home pay has been cut by more than a quarter over the last 15 years due to inflation. The members of the organisation voted overwhelmingly to down tools.  According to the report, the strike by junior doctors will put more pressure on the state-funded National Health Service (NHS) which is experiencing waves of strike action by nurses, ambulance workers, and other staff members.  In January, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak outlined the need to cut hospital waiting times as one of his government's five priorities.  Battling strikes across multiple sectors including train drivers and teachers, the government has said public sector pay restraint is needed to control double-digit inflation.