The Afegbua family in Edo State announced her death on Sunday, March 12, noting that she died in Benin City, Edo State at a private hospital after battling an illness in the last few months. The Second Republic’s only woman and first elected female Senator in Nigeria, Franca Afegbua, has been confirmed dead. The Afegbua family in Edo State announced her death on Sunday, March 12, noting that she died in Benin City, Edo State at a private hospital after battling an illness in the last few months. Her death was confirmed by Kassim Afegbua, one of her younger brothers and a journalist, who served as a Commissioner for Information in Governor Adams Oshiomhole’s administration in the state and currently a member of the APC Presidential Campaign Council. He said his sister died Sunday morning and that her body had been taken to the University of Benin Teaching Hospital (UBTH) mortuary. The statement reads; “The Afegbua family of Edo State has confirmed the demise of the first woman senator in Nigeria, Senator Franca Afegbua, whose sad event occurred this morning, Sunday, March 12, 2023. She combined beauty and brain during her service to Nigeria. Funeral details will be announced by the family soon.” The native of native of Okpella, a town in Etsako-east LGA of old Bendel state (now split into Edo and Delta states), was elected as the senator representing Bendel-north in October 1983 under the National Party of Nigeria (NPN) in Nigeria’s second republic. Her political journey was, however, cut short as the military coup of December 1983 toppled the civilian government less than three months after she assumed office.The Second Republic’s only woman and first elected female Senator in Nigeria, Franca Afegbua, has been confirmed dead. The Afegbua family in Edo State announced her death on Sunday, March 12, noting that she died in Benin City, Edo State at a private hospital after battling an illness in the last few months. Her death was confirmed by Kassim Afegbua, one of her younger brothers and a journalist, who served as a Commissioner for Information in Governor Adams Oshiomhole’s administration in the state and currently a member of the APC Presidential Campaign Council. He said his sister died Sunday morning and that her body had been taken to the University of Benin Teaching Hospital (UBTH) mortuary. The statement reads; “The Afegbua family of Edo State has confirmed the demise of the first woman senator in Nigeria, Senator Franca Afegbua, whose sad event occurred this morning, Sunday, March 12, 2023. She combined beauty and brain during her service to Nigeria. Funeral details will be announced by the family soon.” The native of native of Okpella, a town in Etsako-east LGA of old Bendel state (now split into Edo and Delta states), was elected as the senator representing Bendel-north in October 1983 under the National Party of Nigeria (NPN) in Nigeria’s second republic. Her political journey was, however, cut short as the military coup of December 1983 toppled the civilian government less than three months after she assumed office. 