 The Lagos State chapter of Accord Party has dismissed rumours making the rounds that the party plans to go into alliance with other political parties ahead of the 2023 governorship and state assembly elections on Saturday.  The party disclosed this in a statement signed by its Lagos state Chairman, Engr. J. Ola Beckley and the Director General, Accord Lagos Campaign Council, Comrade, Lanre Ogundare.  It urged the public to dismiss the rumours, insisting that it fielded candidates for the March 11, 2023 election with Hakeem Olaogun Dickson as the candidate of the party.  The statement read, “We wish to welcome all our teaming members, supporters, sympathizers, and candidates of Accord Lagos for Governorship and House of Assemblies press briefing.  “We want to sincerely appreciate your commitment, tenacity, sagacity, and most importantly your loyalty to the party during the last presidential and National Assembly elections. You all have shown concern in making Nigeria great again.  “We notice the double dealings of the expelled group led by Rev. Adeniyi, despite the last-minute shortcomings, we were still resolute in casting our votes which we tagged Vote of Liberation. We want to reiterate that, Accord Lagos under the amiable chairmanship of Engr. J. Ola Beckley fielded candidates for the March 11th 2023 elections with Hon. Hakeem Olaogun Dickson as the standard bearer of the party.  “We have campaign and tour the length and breadth of Lagos presenting our manifesto to residents and electorate in Lagos state, we are committed to a better Lagos, a working and functional Lagos and a Lagos for all. Considering the forgoing, we have not formed any alliance with ANY political party and not in talk with one at present, but we are resolute in making Lagos state great again.  “We are open for discussion, possible alliance with clear direction of Lagos first, alignments and realignments. We thank all electorate that believe in the struggle of Accord and voted for us, promising a better (deal) Lagos when we formed government through your unflinching support come 11th March. 2023 by voting en masse for the party. We thank our partners from the press and promise a stronger relationship in a Lagos of our dreams.”