The PDP called on security agencies to immediately arrest one Aruviere Martin. Barely a week before the conduct of the governorship and House of Assembly elections, the Delta State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has raised the alarm over alleged plans by the state All Progressives Congress (APC) to unleash mayhem and snatch ballot boxes.  The PDP called on security agencies to immediately arrest one Aruviere Martin.    According to the PDP, in a statement signed by its state publicity secretary and deputy director, media & publicity, Delta PDP campaign council, Ifeanyi M. Osuoza, titled "March 11 Governorship Election: Delta APC Reveals Plans To Cause Mayhem, Kill, Snatch Ballot Boxes; Arrest Aruviere Martin Now, PDP Urges Security Agencies", the party drew the attention of the police, military and others in the state to a scheme by the ruling All Progressives Congress, (APC).    "We wish to call the attention of the Nigerian Police, the Military, and other Security Agencies in the State to a scheme by the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), to use its state chapter of the party to cause mayhem, kill and snatch ballot boxes during the forthcoming governorship and house of Assembly elections in Delta state. “We call on the security agencies on the attention to the violent expressions of one Aruviere Martins, who actually exposed APC’s plan and strategy to cause mayhem, kill and snatch ballot boxes in its usual desperate and ungodly moves, to win elections at all cost, not minding afflictions and inflictions visited on anybody that stands in their way.    "PDP notes that while righteous Nigerians are still trying to get themselves together over the mind-boggling, secretive, underhand, and unfair rigging perpetrated by the All Progressives Congress (APC) in manipulating the presidential election results that Nigeria’s voting population has resoundingly rejected, the slimy party is not done yet. This time, it has shifted attention to the March 11, 2023 Governorship and House of Assembly elections, and with its usual mindset of evil, it has fully strategized to unleash violence to scare people away on this election day, with a view to preventing and denying them the opportunity to freely express their voting rights towards the emergence of candidates of their choice in a serene, calm and violence-free atmosphere.  "Delta State PDP, therefore, calls attention to the vituperations of one Aruviere Martins in the social media, who wrote, saying: ‘We are aware that Okowa held an emergency meeting with PDP leaders in Delta State today in Asaba. In that meeting, he charged them to unleash violence on Deltans, opposition leaders, and members and, by all means, deliver the party’s governorship candidate. We are also very much aware that one Bernard Awesiri Jagboro, is already issuing threats to residents of Okuokoko and Osubi not to come out on the 11th of March if they know they will not vote for PDP candidates. I want to use this medium to put Okowa and his agents of violence on notice that we will not condone any form of violence and lawlessness.’”        