This was stated in a press statement issued on Friday by Yusuf Dantalle, the group's National Secretary, announcing the dissolution of the state council for acting contrary to the national body's directive to maintain neutrality and impartiality throughout the election process. The Nigerian Inter-Party Advisory Council has distanced its members from the purported endorsement of the governorship Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Siminialaye Fubara in Rivers State. This was stated in a press statement issued on Friday by Yusuf Dantalle, the group's National Secretary, announcing the dissolution of the state council for acting contrary to the national body's directive to maintain neutrality and impartiality throughout the election process. The State IPAC had in a 14-point communique adopted Fubara, who is a stooge of Governor Nyesom Wike, as its candidate in Saturday’s governorship candidate in Rivers State. It noted that the development was for the sake of power rotation in the oil-rich state and equity, noting that the decision was not borne out of politics. The communique had been signed by Atata Kenneth, Dagogo Whyte Kendrick Azeez Christian, Nwigbarato Dumbari, Leader S. Sampson, Amb. Desmond Akawor, Chukwunenye N. Kocha, Richard Harry Benibo, Patrick Dike John Woke, Omangima Harry and Nwanze Ogbogu Michael, chairmen of the political parties in the state’s IPAC. In response, the IPAC national body urged Rivers residents to disregard the alleged endorsement and vote for the candidate of their choice on March 18, 2023. The statement reads: “The General Assembly of the Inter-Party Advisory Council in a meeting held on 9th March 2023 ratified the immediate dissolution of the Rivers State Chapter of the Council for gross misconduct in flagrant violation of the provisions of the 2021 Revised Code of Conduct. “The Inter-Party Advisory Council is not a political party but a platform for all political parties saddled with the mandate of promoting and defending the interests of all registered political parties in Nigeria hence should be neutral, fair and impartial. “The Council condemns and dissociates itself from the irresponsible act of the Rivers State IPAC executives in endorsing the Rivers State PDP governorship candidate, Sir Siminialaye Fubara. Let it also be unequivocally stated that those behind this scripted spectacle are as irresponsible as those who have been used as political pawns. “All political parties whose party officials in Rivers State have been found culpable are enjoined to take disciplinary actions in accordance their respective party constitutions. “Conclusively, we call on the good people of Rivers State to disregard these political renegades and vote for candidates of their choice,” the statement added. Meanwhile, the African Action Congress was the first party to distance itself from the communique issued by the Inter-Party Advisory Council, IPAC, endorsing Fubara. 