Ejimakor, who spoke on why Kanu is still being detained despite court rulings, in an interview with SaharaReporters, said that though the Court of Appeal judgment ordered Kanu’s unconditional release last year, the Nigerian government immediately indicated its intention not to comply with the rulings as it quickly rushed back to the Court of Appeal to secure a stay of execution of the judgment and the stay of execution is yet to be decided on at the Supreme Court. Barr. Aloy Ejimakor, counsel for the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, has said Britain does not need a court order or diplomatic talks to retrieve his client detained in Nigeria since June 2021. Ejimakor, who spoke on why Kanu is still being detained despite court rulings, in an interview with SaharaReporters, said that though the Court of Appeal judgment ordered Kanu’s unconditional release last year, the Nigerian government immediately indicated its intention not to comply with the rulings as it quickly rushed back to the Court of Appeal to secure a stay of execution of the judgment and the stay of execution is yet to be decided on at the Supreme Court.  He however noted that notwithstanding the stay of execution by the Nigerian government, Kanu is still entitled to be released on the authority of the judgment of the Federal High Court sitting in Umuahia, the Abia State capital, which ruled in October 2022 against the arrest and detention of Kanu.  Ejimakor told SaharaReporters that the “arrest and detention of the Applicant (Kanu) in Kenya, his continued detention in Abuja, his subjection to physical and mental trauma by the Respondents (the Federal Government), the inhuman and degrading treatment meted out to the Applicant amounts to a brazen violation of the Applicant's fundamental right to dignity of his person and threat to life.”  “To be sure, I personally secured this victory and there is no stay of execution of the judgment. So, a law-abiding government should have, without more, obeyed it by freeing Kanu from detention,” he said.  On the international front, Ejimakor said that he is directly handling Kanu’s brief before the British authorities including the British High Commission in Nigeria and the legal action filed by the Bindmans Law Firm in the United Kingdom.  “I am the counsel directly handling Kanu’s brief before the British authorities, including particularly the British High Commission here in Nigeria and the legal action filed by the Bindmans Law Firm in the United Kingdom.  “Enormous progress has been made on both fronts. Yet, in my candid opinion, Britain does not need a court order or diplomatic niceties to retrieve her renditioned citizen from Nigeria because, in May 2021, Kanu entered Kenya as a Briton, not a Nigerian.  “Under international law, as it applies to the nationality of persons and passports, Kanu’s manner of entry into Kenya, on a British passport, created a tripartite immigration relationship between UK, Kenya & Kanu. Nigeria was not a party and therefore has no legal right to breach into Kenya, abduct Kanu and rendition him to Nigeria,” he said.  Ejimakor further said that regarding other international bodies, “I directly worked with Attorney Bruce Fein in the quantum legal work that went into securing the landmark opinion issued by the United Nations Human Rights Council, calling for the unconditional release of Kanu.  “The opinion has a deadline of 22nd January 2023, and given that Nigeria did not comply, we have escalated it to the higher organs of the United Nations, which possesses the coercive powers to compel compliance.  “Additionally, as far back as July 2021, I filed a complaint with the African Union. The grounds of the complaint are Kanu’s extraordinary rendition, which happens to be the grounds of another pertinent suit in Kenya. Both are still pending.” Ejimakor also debunked reports that Kanu discussed with him his plan to overhaul his legal team due to his continued detention despite the ruling of the Appeal Court. Ejimakor was reacting to reports that the IPOB leader was reportedly planning to reshuffle his legal team over his continued detention in the Department of State Services (DSS) custody.  The report added that as a commencement of the overhauling of the legal team, Kanu held a meeting with Ejimakor and instructed him to ask the legal team to return his case file to him without further delay.  However, Ejimakor told SaharaReporters that during his meeting with Kanu on Monday, the IPOB leader neither discussed anything relating to overhauling his legal team nor talked of sacking any of his lawyers.  “Speaking entirely for myself, when I met Mazi Nnamdi Kanu last Monday, he never discussed anything relating to overhauling his legal team, not to talk of sacking any of his lawyers. I was with him for over two hours and he never suggested or even indirectly hinted at taking such a step.  “However, I cannot say whether such a matter came up on Thursday (yesterday) when he met his three other lawyers, of which I was not amongst,” he said. 