Obi stated this, as captured in a video while chatting with one of his supporters, on Wednesday. The LP candidate asked the youths to take things easily, insisting that Nigeria was a developing nation. The presidential candidate of the Labour Party in the February 25 general elections, Mr Peter Obi, has advised Nigerian youths who were not happy with the outcome of election to be calm and persistent for change.
Obi stated this, as captured in a video while chatting with one of his supporters, on Wednesday. The LP candidate asked the youths to take things easily, insisting that Nigeria was a developing nation. 
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) declared Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress (APC) winner of the election early on Wednesday morning, defeating his main challengers Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Peter Obi of the Labour Party. 
Tinubu came out top in 12 of Nigeria’s 36 states, and secured significant numbers in several other states to claim the highest number of votes — 8,794,726 million votes. 
Meanwhile, Obi, candidate of the Labour Party (LP), in less than a year and described as an outsider and structure-less candidate, however, galvanised young voters in a manner some described as unprecedented, and finished the race with 6,101,533 votes.
But responding to a question from one of his supporters in the video, on what they should, the former Anambra State governor, enjoined everybody to take things easily and remain calm.
The extract:
The supporter: Sir we are not happy. We are angry.
Obi: Take it softly. It is a developing nation.
Supporter: If we start protest now it will shake the country.
Obi: We have to take it easily. This is a developing country.
Supporter: We are awaiting your comment so that we will know what to do.
Obi: At the end of the day we are not expecting anything more from them (INEC), because now we are trying to remove a situation that has been there for many years. What you need is to remain calm and persistent in saying this is wrong. We will not gain anything in protest, we will remain calm and we will remain persistent. 