The secret police in a statement signed by its Public Relations Officer, National Headquarters, Abuja, Peter Afunanya, said that it has noticed unnecessary palpable political tension in parts of the country prior to the elections. The Department of State Services (DSS) has called on Nigerians to be alert over what it called an orchestrated plan by some political players to cause chaos and a total breakdown of law and order in the country shortly after the March 18, 2023 governorship and state house assembly elections. The secret police in a statement signed by its Public Relations Officer, National Headquarters, Abuja, Peter Afunanya, said that it has noticed unnecessary palpable political tension in parts of the country prior to the elections. “It is observed that some of the players are at daggers drawn with one another. The development holds dire consequences to national peace and stability,” the statement said. The DSS stated that it is in view of these that it warns politicians and their supporters to engage constructively. “Everyone is advised to shun fake news, hate speech and such other utterances that may be inimical to peaceful co-existence. Election should not be seen as a do or die affair. There is no basis for anyone to take laws into their hands.  “This is even more so that aggrieved persons can take advantage of our courts and seek redress.  We should have faith in our institutions. “Over this election period, the Service has remained committed to providing a conducive environment for a peaceful exercise. “In this regard, it separately and in collaboration with sister agencies, carried out mop up operations to thwart nefarious plans and activities of undesirable elements to outrightly undermine the electoral processes.”  The DSS noted that for hitch-free governorship and State Assembly elections, it has partnered with relevant stakeholders to ensure that the required peace is maintained before, during and after the polls.  “For the avoidance of doubt, the Service will work to make sure that no person or group, no matter how highly placed, disrupts the scheduled elections in any part of the Federation.  “It is committed to the safety and security of citizens who may wish to go out to exercise their civic responsibility.  “All and sundry are therefore enjoined to abide by the rules of engagement particularly the Electoral Act and extant guidelines,” it said.