    Omoyele Sowore, the 2023 presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), has stated that the injustice he experienced as a candidate during the 2019 presidential election has reached the candidates who participated in last Saturday’s election. Sowore who stated this in his post-election remark described the outcome of the election as announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission(INEC) as not representing the true will of Nigerians. On Wednesday morning, the Independent National Electoral Commission declared the All Progressives Congress presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, as the winner of the presidential election and president-elect. Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor, was declared the president-elect after the 70-year-old polled 8,794,726 votes. Tinubu won the election ahead of other contenders  — the Peoples Democratic Party candidate, Atiku Abubakar; the Labour Party candidate, Peter Obi; and the New Nigeria Peoples Party candidate, Rabiu Kwankwaso. In his assessment of what happened during the poll, Sowore said, “The election has come but it has not gone. That is the Irony of this latest election. This is one of the elections in which the winners cannot celebrate because they didn’t win anything. “The losers are of course unhappy because they did not win anything. But the biggest losers in this election as usual are the Nigerian people who were once given the opportunity to choose leaders legitimately and legally. And I am here to tell you that as a participant in that election, this election is not different from the one I participated in in 2019, and actually, this one is even worse. “But what is the irony is that in 2019 I was told that because I did not get a huge number of votes, I have no right to talk. Interestingly today, those who were saying that that time, have now come to taste what we went through in 2019 and since 2019. We are not here to mock anybody and we will encourage our followers never to mock anybody. “We are here to discuss the real sociopolitical issues confronting our country. As you also must have noticed, since last night, the word, Revolution or ‘RevolutionNow’ has reentered the lexicon of Nigerian electoral system or national life because finally, what we saw in 2019 that led us to #RevolutionNow has now reached everybody. “There is a whole change of consciousness and we must thank all of you who always put firmly out there online and offline, arguing in support of a system change that you should be proud of yourself. We are getting closer and closer every day.  “This particular election by our own standard did not meet any requirements that say in particular that every election result must be scanned and uploaded to INEC server,” Sowore added. 