    On March 1, 2023, it was reported by SaharaReporters that Professor Ishaq Akintola, director of Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), while congratulating President-elect Bola Ahmed Tinubu, Akintola said: “We congratulate Yoruba Muslims for securing the presidency for the first time since independence. It is on record that three Yoruba Christians have occupied the post in the past. The victory of Tinubu, a moderate Yoruba Muslim came as a fulfillment of the yearnings of Muslims in the region.”  Who cares whether a Christian, a Muslim, Babalawo or an atheist, is the president? The question we should ask is: can the person do the job? Does the person have the vision, moral discipline, intellectual capacity, physical fitness, and the fortitude to rescue Nigeria and Nigerians from the abyss of economic, social, and political bottomless pit?  Akintola represents a religious god that went to hell and back. If you had been following his bigoted religious divisive and explosive statements in the past, you’ll agree with my characterization. Akintola vowed that Yoruba Muslims will not vote for Christian candidates from the southwest in 2023.  “As public discourse on Nigerians zeroes in on 2023 presidential election, we see the need for us to reiterate our position on the need for a Yoruba Muslim presidential candidate from southwest.”  On another occasion, he claimed that “It has been persecution and stigmatization galore for Yoruba Muslims since independence. They are denied almost all civil liberties. Admission seekers who are Muslims are denied attractive courses in tertiary institutions. It is easier for an elephant to pass through a needle’s eye than for a Yoruba Muslim graduate to secure employment. Yoruba Muslims are marginalized in political appointments.”  Akintola failed to provide evidence of allegations of discrimination and marginalization of Yoruba Muslims. Rather, he turns the truth upside down in a most brazen and despicable manner. His allegations lack merit, reasoning, and logic. As a devil’s masquerade, Akintola hides under the cover of MURIC to incite Yoruba Muslims against Yoruba Christians, thereby fomenting religious tension that could trigger religious terrorism. As a jihadist, Akintola spews hatred and paints Yoruba Christians as Muslim haters. As an advocate of Sharia law, Akintola dresses bigotry as a theology.  Akintola is a dangerous time bomb that could go off at any time. As a religious bigot, he is obstinately and intolerantly devoted to fanatical Islamic opinions, biases, and prejudices. Yorubas must reject his intolerance, his fascist tactics, his Maoist brainwashing, his continuous violations of ordinary common sense, and his evident desire to pitch Yoruba Muslims against Yoruba Christians. We vehemently reject Akintola’s morbid devotion to jihadism and his MURIC’s army of bigots.  bjoluwasanmi@gmail.com 