She urged women not to fade off but own their space in Nigeria's politics. Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan, the Kogi Central senatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the just concluded National Assembly elections has lamented that only two women made it to the 10th senate, in the February 25th general elections. Natasha who enjoined more women to get involved and actively participate in politics bemoaned the low number of women that vied for political positions in the 2023 general elections. She made this known this in her message to Nigerian women in commemoration of the celebration of International Women’s Day, while urging women not to fade off but own their space in Nigeria's politics. "As we celebrate international women’s day, it should be noted that only two women made it to the 10th Senate. No doubt, we shall get our mandate back by God’s grace but only three is shameful for our democracy, for our gender equity and representation," she said. Akpoti-Uduaghan is challenging the outcome of the Kogi Central senatorial election that produced Abubakar Sadiku-Ohere of the All Progressives Congress as the winner of the February 25 election. She had written to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) saying that after a careful review of the election results from the duplicate of the result sheets, it was discovered that votes were manipulated and adjusted in favour of the candidate of the All Progressives Congress. Human rights lawyer, Femi Falana, SAN, has also written to the Nigeria Police Force and the INEC to probe a video showing the Kogi Local Government Chairman, Joseph Omuya Salami destroying electoral materials and intimidating INEC officer during the February 25, 2023 election. Recall that SaharaReporters published the video where Joseph was filmed while he was destroying votes belonging to Akpoti Uduaghan barely two weeks ago. In copies of letters of request sent to INEC Chairman and the Nigerian Inspector-General of Police, Falana described the conduct of Joseph Omuya during the poll as criminal and in contravention to sections 115(1) (f) & (j), 125 and 126(1) (j) of the Electoral Act, 2022 which are punishable under section 125, 126(3) (4) of the Electoral Act 2022. 