Melaye, a spokesperson for the Peoples Democratic Party Presidential Campaign Council accused Buhari’s government and the apex bank of giving the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu advantage during the conduct of the 2023 general election. A former Senator, Dino Melaye has called out President Muhammadu Buhari’s government and the Central Bank of Nigeria on how they used Naira Swap Policy to deceive Nigerians. Melaye, a spokesperson for the Peoples Democratic Party Presidential Campaign Council accused Buhari’s government and the apex bank of giving the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu advantage during the conduct of the 2023 general election. The former federal lawmaker said this in a video released on Friday morning via his Twitter page, which was a reaction to the outcome of Saturday’s poll. The apex bank earlier set the deadline for old N200, N500 and N1000 notes for January 31, 2023, but due to the scarcity of the new naira notes and its attendant effects on the economy, the apex bank extended the deadline for the exchange of old naira notes for newly designed ones till February 10. However, President Buhari in a broadcast said the ban on the old N500 and N1000 would stay but extended that of N200 notes by a further two months.   He said: “We will be assisted by God Almighty to make sure that the people’s mandate freely given to Atiku Abubakar is retrieved. We spent over N400 billion just for a caricature show. INEC (Independent National Electoral Commission) deceived Nigerians. President Muhammadu Buhari and Professor Yakubu Mahmood, they are the greatest conmen that came out of Africa. “The whole concept of redesigning Naira was a deception because money was given to Bola Ahmad Tinubu and APC shared new notes across the country on Election Day while PDP was starved of funds. “The issues of going to court, accusing (Godwin) Emefiele were all part of the scam, was all part of the drama, was all part of the deception. A ground-style deception against Nigerians. But I want to warn that this is not the end. This is not the end.” Mr Melaye further appealed to all the supporters of the opposition party to ensure that the alleged injustice does not stand by continuing to show their support and commitment to the party’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar. https://twitter.com/_dinomelaye/status/1631581544287436803?s=20