The station is located along the Umuchu-Achina Road in the Aguata Local Government Area of the state. An arson attack has occurred on Umuchu Police Station in Anambra, Southeast Nigeria. The station is located along the Umuchu-Achina Road in the Aguata Local Government Area of the state. Confirming the incident to SaharaReporters on Sunday, the spokesman for the state police command, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga said the facility was under construction when it was burnt. He urged residents of the community to assist the police with information in its ongoing investigation to get the criminals responsible for the arson attack and bring them to justice. He said, “The police station is still under renovation before the hoodlums came in the early hours today and set it ablaze. “The situation is under control and calm has returned in the area. We want to use this opportunity to reach out to the people of the community to assist the police with information on the already ongoing investigation, please.” According to The PUNCH, sources said some hoodlums burnt the station around 3am on Sunday. The station was reportedly renovated recently by members of the Umuchu Improvement Union following an attack on it by hoodlums during the #EndSARS protest in 2020. The #EndSARS protest called for police reform, an end to police brutality and the disbandment of a police unit notorious for extrajudicial killings and human rights violations, Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). However, there was no record of casualty at the station during Sunday’s attack as police personnel had vacated the station to another location after it was destroyed during the #EndSARS protest and had yet to return. Speaking on the incident to The PUNCH, the President-General, Umuchu Progressive Union, Charles Ezeabasili, said, “This is disheartening and unfortunate. While the UIU has upgraded facilities at the police station and awaited the return of police personnel, the hoodlums are busy destroying, demolishing and burning down the facility meant for our own good. How do we progress?”