Ejiofor noted that Kanu needed an urgent advanced medical treatment and surgical operation in his ear. Lawyer to Nnamdi Kanu, the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Barrister Ifeanyi Ejiofor, has again raised the alarm over the deteriorating health condition of Kanu in the Department of State Services (DSS) custody. Ejiofor noted that Kanu needed an urgent advanced medical treatment and surgical operation in his ear. The lawyer, while giving update after the Monday’s visit to Kanu in Abuja by his legal team led by Chief Mike Ozekome (SAN), said that Kanu bitterly lamented the non-provision of proper medical care to the barrage of life-threatening illnesses he was faced with. According to Ejiofor, the major concern and threatening aspect of the problem was the fact that the DSS had no adequate medical facilities to treat Kanu’s deteriorating health condition as he seriously lamented about severe pains particularly on his left ear. Ejiofor said that Kanu also recounted that a previous scan at the instance of the State Security Service (SSS) revealed that he must undergo an advanced surgical procedure to repair his left ear drum that had become greatly impaired by the severe torture and beating he received from agents of the Nigerian Government “when he was forcibly kidnapped in Kenya and savagely renditioned back to Nigeria in June, 2021.” He said that “Generally, Onyendu needs urgent advanced medical treatment and surgical operation to address his deteriorating health condition, especially on his left ear. “He narrated how the DSS doctor had emphatically told him that if after 45 days from November 18, 2022, when he was examined, his case had not improved, then he must undergo immediate surgery to save whatever remains of his left ear. “He lamented that several reminders and pleas that the DSS carried out their own medical doctor's instructions have met a brick wall. “Being held in solitary confinement, the DSS has also bluntly refused him access to his private doctor for independent medical assessment as ordered by the court. “Our legal Iroko, Ozekhome, painstakingly took comprehensive notes of Onyendu's entire medical concerns and has immediately swung into action with full legal initiatives to forestall any untoward eventualities.” Ejiofor however noted that the suit the legal team had earlier filed to compel the DSS and its Director-General to allow Kanu access to his medical doctors and medical records comes up this week before the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja.