Kukah during an interview on Channels TV on Wednesday said he shakes his head whenever he walks through the Asokoro axis in Abuja, seeing gigantic structures all over the place with Nigeria being the poverty capital of the world. Matthew Kukah, the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese has said governance in Nigeria is a criminal enterprise. Kukah during an interview on Channels TV on Wednesday said he shakes his head whenever he walks through the Asokoro axis in Abuja, seeing gigantic structures all over the place with Nigeria being the poverty capital of the world. He said, “Anytime I drive around your premises I just shake my head. Where is all this money coming from that Nigerians are putting up these gigantic structures all over the place? Where is all this money coming from for a country that is severely malfunctioning, for a country that’s the poverty capital of the world? “Where is this money coming from and Nigerians are sick and they are dying? I have said it severally that governance in Nigeria is a criminal enterprise.” He continued, “When we get to that threshold as we have in Nigeria where integrity, competence, capacity have been traded for something different then you are in trouble and that’s why if we don’t get to the heart of the consequences of nepotism.” The cleric said President Muhammadu Buhari keeps saying he didn’t know it was this bad to excuse himself from his administration’s failure.  “I think that the president in the silence of his own room will probably look back and say he knows he could have done better but that goes to a range of other things as to the level of preparedness of those who want to govern Nigeria because one of the things the president kept saying to excuse himself is that we didn’t know it was so bad. “The point is that when politicians claim they want to solve problem XYZ, the most important thing is and I think this is one of the things seriously lacking in the Nigerian situation, is a real critical analysis and appreciation of the complexity of the problems of this country. For example, this country is severely broke and if you’re going to fix this country it takes more than having a good intention, a good intention is sufficient but they are not enough to justify.” Kukah added that he’s not looking forward to seeing a Christian or Catholic bishop as president but a president that is well prepared for the task ahead.  “I’m not looking forward to a president of Nigeria who is a Christian or who’s a Catholic or who will for example just turn all of these things upside down and begin to punish other people for the sins that they did not commit. So I’m not hoping that a Christian will be president or that anybody will be president and say that it’s now time for us to do what those who came before us did. “Buhari is a good man; he’s done his best but his best is not enough, his best speaks to the quality and level of his preparedness and his ability to assembly a team,” he said.  Speaking further, he said there are no political elites or cultures in Nigeria but that only people who are desperate to ascend presidency will do anything to get to power.  “The kind of discipline that you require to build a political culture does not exist in Nigeria,” he said.  He, therefore, urged Nigerians to be modest in their expectations as the right candidate might only be a projection of their emotions.  He said, “When it comes to political choice, let us be modest in our expectations because sometimes people say we will vote for the right candidate. There is nothing like the right candidate in elections, the right candidate may be a projection of your emotions.  “Political outcome even if we have the most free, fair and credible election, there is always no correlation between that and performance.  “Between all these candidates who are asking us to vote for them, even if you vote for what you considered to be the best, items will shift during the flight, after all, items shifted that’s why we ended up where we are today. President Buhari said he was going to end corruption, and banditry now we are only doing a minuscule analysis of what we have achieved. There are hundreds of miles of things undone so this is why Nigerians must also embrace the fact that you’re never going to have what you call the right choice.”