Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has maintained his threat never to take part in campaigns for Atiku Abubakar, the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Wike had vowed never to campaign for Atiku until the leadership of the PDP met the demands of the G-5 Governors, particularly the resignation of the party's National Chairman, Senator Iyorchia Ayu. Governor Wike on Friday while kicking off the construction of Abua-Emoh-Iyak-Ighom-Elok and Emoh-Egbolom Access Road that held at Okpeden Town Junction in Abua/Odual Local Government Area, emphatically asked the people of the state to only vote for the PDP governorship and legislative candidates. The leader of G-5 governors said, “Guard their votes and deliver them all for candidates of the PDP contesting governorship, National Assembly and State House Of Assembly in Rivers State. “And I believe that by the time you vote for us in the governorship, the House of Assembly, the Senate and the House of Representatives elections, obviously, my successor has no choice but to link you up with bridges over rivers that separate some of your communities, so that all of you will be together.” SaharaReporters had reported on January 10 that Wike lambasted Atiku for issuing threats against him (Wike) and other aggrieved governors. Governor Wike who had been at loggerheads with Atiku since after the party's primary election, cautioned that those issuing threats in Abuja should rethink because they would have problems. Wike had been quoted as saying, “Let me use this opportunity to tell you. People should understand. Rivers State is very strong as far as this country is concerned. “I have told people. Rivers State is not a dumping ground and will never be a dumping ground. If we give you support, we believe you can reciprocate, so nobody should threaten us, no political party can threaten Rivers State, not one. “So all those who are opening their mouth in Abuja to threaten Rivers State, think twice before you have a problem.”