The APC candidate was subsequently detained and transferred to the Osun State Police Command CID in Osogbo.  The candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for Osun East Senatorial District, Ajibola Famurewa has been detained by the police over alleged unlawful possession of ammunition and firearms, among others. Famurewa was invited by policemen attached to the Force Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department, Alagbon, Lagos on Tuesday in connection with the arrest of a political thug, Afolabi Fadahunsi, popularly known as Carlos. Afolabi was said to have described the two-term representative of Ijesa South Federal Constituency in the National Assembly as his sponsor. The APC candidate was subsequently detained and transferred to the Osun State Police Command CID in Osogbo on Wednesday. “Still at CID custody till now, he was arrested on Tuesday and was taken down to Osogbo on Wednesday from Alagbon,” a source told SaharaReporters. Speaking on the development in a Facebook post, a senior aide to Famurewa, Akinyele Akintola described the arrest of his principal as political. He described the arrest of Famurewa as a witch-hunt by his political opponents, stressing that the suspect who implicated him was only acting the script of his paymasters in the ruling party. Reacting to this, a lawmaker representing Osun East at the Senate, Senator Francis Fadahunsi said he had nothing to do with Famurewa’s arrest. Fadahunsi, who currently represents the senatorial district, is seeking re-election on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party. In a statement by his media office, the senator described the allegation that he was the one who sponsored Afolabi to indict his APC counterpart as laughable. “There have been futile efforts in the last 24 hours to link the distinguished Senator representing the good people of Osun East Senatorial to District, Francis Adenigba Fadahunsi, to the arrest of Mr. Ajibola Famurewa by the police. “Famurewa, the candidate of the All Progressives Congress for Osun East, going by the immediate fact, was picked up after a notorious thug, Afolabi Fadahunsi popularly known as Carlos was arrested by police operatives. “It is a known fact that the said Carlos, the State Coordinator of the famed group of political thugs called 'State Boys' assembled by the administration of Rauf Aregbesola was working for APC and Famurewa. “He has at many times attempted life (sic) of Fadahunsi on the instruction of APC and its candidates. “At different times in the build-up to the 2015 general elections, this same Carlos shot and maimed many PDP supporters in Ilesa and its environs. “Reliable security sources said the man has been under security watch in the last 6 months without him knowing he was being monitored and when nemesis will catch up with him, he was caught in Osogbo with guns. “Sources further told us that Carlos while being interrogated mentioned Remi Omowaye and Famurewa as his main backers, supplying him guns to wreak havoc on the people, especially members and sympathisers of the PDP. “So, we were not surprised that Famurewa was later picked up to face full wrath of the law over deadly assignments he and others in APC have engaged their killer squad leader. What we however found surprising was the attempt to link Fadahunsi to Carlos and Famurewa's journey of no return to gallow, to our distinguished Senator. “It is on record that twice same day in Osogbo after 2015 Senatorial election, when Fadahunsi's victory was snatched for Jide Omoworare of the APC, this same Carlos, on the instruction of his leaders in Ijesaland, shot at Fadahunsi right in front of INEC office in Osogbo and while passing through Gbongbon/Osogbo road in front of then PDP secretariat. “People of Ijesaland and Osun state know that Fadahunsi and Carlos are never related or share the same political ideology, even though they bear the same surname. So, attempt to link light and darkness as some Famurewa's paid agents are trying to do smack of intellectual laziness. “Famurewa is a violent politician and we have enough evidence to back this. Video clips of him instructing fellow APC members to fight and kill anyone that oppose Oyetola's picking the governorship ticket were enjoyed pleasurable viewing on the social media. “We know for sure that he can't stop God's chosen candidate of the people, Fadahunsi from returning to the Red Chamber, even if he has not run foul of the law and because of that, we will not mind security agents leaving him off the hook till after his ordained defeat. “But we are not apostle of lawlessness. He should be made to answer for his sins without dragging the name and reputation of excellence, service and dedication to people's welfare built over the years by the retired Customs boss, Adenigba Fadahunsi.” Efforts made by SaharaReporters to reach Osun Police Command spokesperson, Yemisi Opalola, were not successful as she did not answer the calls.