In February 2019, viral pictures on social media showed two bullion vans being driven into Tinubu’s Bourdillon residence in Lagos on the eve of the presidential election, as many people looked on — just outside the residence. Ayodele Adewale, the organising secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos State, has claimed that the bullion vans spotted in 2019 entering the house of Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the party, only missed their way.  In February 2019, viral pictures on social media showed two bullion vans being driven into Tinubu’s Bourdillon residence in Lagos on the eve of the presidential election, as many people looked on — just outside the residence.  The APC presidential candidate days after said the money in the vans was his and not ballot papers or money for vote-buying as alleged by some Nigerians.  “Excuse me, is it my money or government money? So, even if I have money to spend in my premises, what is your headache?” he had said.  “Excuse me, if I don’t represent any agency of government and I have money to spend, if I have money, if I like, I give it to the people free of charge. As long as not to buy votes.  “So, who are those watching my house and looking at bullion vans? They must be mischief makers, they report falsehood, their lies are numerous, and it’s because they are jobless.”  So many Nigerians including Deji Adeyanju, an activist had petitioned the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), asking the agency to probe the matter.  Speaking during an interview on Arise TV’s Morning Show on Thursday, the Lagos APC organising secretary said the vans “missed the address to have come there.”  “On the matter of the bullion van, I think that matter has been put to rest. There was no money in the bullion van. The bullion van that even came missed the address to have come there. It wasn’t on an election day. The bullion van missed the address to have come there,” he said. He said Tinubu joked when he admitted that the money in the vans was his. “That bullion van missed its way there and it was not invited by Asiwaju or anybody,” he added.