Colloquially called ‘football age’ in Nigeria, age fraud is age fabrication to gain an advantage over opponents and it is common in sports and the civil service, where some workers use it to illegally delay their retirements. Omoyele Sowore, the presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC) for the 2023 general elections has said that some prominent presidential candidates in the race are guilty of age fraud. Colloquially called ‘football age’ in Nigeria, age fraud is age fabrication to gain an advantage over opponents and it is common in sports and the civil service, where some workers use it to illegally delay their retirements. According to Sowore, such presidential candidates falsified their ages to deceive Nigerian youths who are clamouring for youthful leaders. Speaking at The Roundtable organised by The PUNCH, on Wednesday, Sowore said past Nigerian leaders ruled the country in their 30s and some even below the age of 30. He, however, noted that nowadays, political parties have chosen to push old people with old ideas to digitally oriented people. Asked if he sees his age as an advantage in the coming election, he said, "It is important to provide some historical context to youthfulness in Nigerian politics and as far back as the 40s, the people who started the agitation for independence were young people. "The people who started the first political movements, the Nigerian Youths Movement, the Harbert Macaulay and his colleagues were young people. And the man who moved the first motion for independence, Anthony Enahoro was a young person who I think was less than 30 years old when he made the proposition for independence. "(Yakubu) Gowon, when he was the Military President, he was really young, less than 30 years old, whom I think he got married while he was a military president. "To resolve the question about youthfulness, the question should be about what happened to young people between 1979 and now to the point that they are no longer politically relevant, to now be clamouring for a youthful person. "Even if you look at me properly and you look at my age and my history and my background, it will be inappropriate to say that I'm young because I am 51 years old and most of the prominent candidates – so-called, in this election are in their 80s. Some of them claim they are 70s but we all know these are football related calculation in terms of their age. "Major parties are presenting very old people with old ideas and it makes sense that the digital age-driven generation that we refer to as Generation X would be more comfortable with people who understand their perspectives about issues, their cultural inclination and their general attitude to life which is that they cannot continue with the old ways of doing things."