SaharaReporters had reported that the nine people charged and detained over the 2020 #EndSARS protests in Oyo were released last Monday and Tuesday, by the CJ under the prerogative of mercy. Oyo State Police Commissioner, Mr. Adebowale Williams has shown his displeasure over the release of nine #EndSARS protesters by the Chief Judge of the state, Justice Munta Abimbola last week. SaharaReporters had reported that the nine people charged and detained over the 2020 #EndSARS protests in Oyo were released last Monday and Tuesday, by the CJ under the prerogative of mercy. Justice Abimbola, however, said the release of the nine #EndSARS protesters had brought the #EndSARS cases in the state to a conclusion. The #EndSARS protesters are Adeshina Muyiwa, Ikechuckwu Eze, Ariyo Sodiq, Ikenna Amaechi, Oyewole Olumide, Ariyo Afeez, Taoreed Abiodun, Adekunle Moruf and Rasheed Tiamiyu. They were accused of murder, stealing police rifles, and burning a police station, among others in connection with the #EndSARS of October 2020. However, sources told SaharaReporters on Monday that the state police commissioner has withdrawn all the officers attached to the state court and state prosecutor. “Oyo State police commissioner is angry after the recent release of #EndSARS protesters detained in the state. He has withdrawn the police officer attached to court and prosecutor,” a source told SaharaReporters. This was also confirmed by a lawyer practising in the state, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Youths in some states across the country in October 2020 protested against police brutality and specifically for the disbandment of a police unit notorious for extrajudicial killings and human rights violations – the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), hence the reason why the protests were tagged #EndSARS. A police station in the Ojoo area of Ibadan, the state capital was burnt by hoodlums during the protest. The state police command in October 2020 confirmed the burning of the Ojoo Police Station by hoodlums who hijacked the #EndSARS protest in Ibadan. The then spokesperson for the state police command, SP Olugbenga Fadeyi, while confirming the incident in a statement, described the attack as premeditated, saying two police officers were killed and two others were still missing. The News Agency of Nigeria also reported that a 16-year-old boy (juvenile) charged with alleged murder was among the inmates that were released last week. Justice Abimbola said the boy is underage and could be more hardened if he continued to stay in prison. He added that the teenager’s mother had agreed to take him for rehabilitation and that he (Justice Abimbola) would monitor him. Justice Abimbola released the first batch of 58 inmates on Monday and released the second batch of 42 inmates on Tuesday. 