On Friday, the PDP National Working Committee (NWC) suspended some chieftains of the party in Ekiti, Enugu and Imo states over allegations of anti-party activities. The crisis in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has taken a new twist as Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State on Saturday accused the National Chairman of the party, Iyorchia Ayu of calling for war. On Friday, the PDP National Working Committee (NWC) suspended some chieftains of the party in Ekiti, Enugu and Imo states over allegations of anti-party activities. The party in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba, had announced the suspension of the party chieftains including Emiola Jennifer, Ajayi Samuel, Olayinka Olalere, Akerele Oluyinka and John Fayose. Others are Ayeni Funso and Ajijola Oladimeji. Suspended from Enugu State is former Governor Chimaroke Nnamani, and Chris Ogbu from Imo State. Ologunagba stated that the suspensions were with effect from Friday, January 20, 2023. Reacting while addressing some members of the party on Saturday, Wike accused the PDP leadership of suspending members loyal to the G-5 Governors. He added that the battle line had been drawn between his group and Ayu. The Rivers State governor added that the move was illegal and would be challenged in court. He said, “Your suspending people will not help you in any way. The battle line has been fully drawn. As I speak to you we will do everything legally possible to challenge any decision that we know is illegal. “Don’t think you can threaten people by telling them you are suspended. Rubbish. It is completely rubbish. We are above that level. Don’t think you can threaten and intimidate anybody. We believe in the rule of law and we believe our party must respect their constitution. “You are doing what will give you more headaches as far as this election is concerned. We are watching and we are waiting for you to announce more of my friends. When a man says you will not sleep, will he sleep too? Will Ayu sleep?” 