Aliyu who was the Executive Secretary of the Nigeria Police Trust Fund (NPTF). The governorship candidate has been accused of embezzling N12 billion take-off grant for the award of contracts. A pressure group, Sokoto State Progressives for Integrity and Accountable Leadership has appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari to intervene and ensure non-interference in the investigation of the N12 billion contract scam against the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, Ahmed Aliyu. Aliyu who was the Executive Secretary of the Nigeria Police Trust Fund (NPTF). The governorship candidate has been accused of embezzling N12 billion take-off grant for the award of contracts. Anti-corruption agencies, the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) have been investigating how the funds were misappropriated.  However, the group, in an open letter to President Buhari on Friday, accused some powerful members of the ruling APC from the state of interfering in the case with a deliberate effort to undermine all investigations concerning the fraud. The group said, "One of the alleged interlopers against lawful inquiry include the Senator of the Federal Republic for Sokoto North, and current Vice Chairman, Senate Committee on Anti-Corruption, the Sokoto State APC leader, Aliyu Magatakarda Wamakko, against whom there is a subsisting petition with the EFCC, which has obviously not been treated since 2019.  "Senator Wamakko is bringing his official status to bear on the investigation process, in an effort to, in the instance, delay Ahmed Aliyu's appearance at the EFCC, until after the January 16 date for the campaign visit of APC presidential candidate, Ahmed Bola Tinubu to Sokoto.” It said it was perturbed by “the wrong impression this posturing is creating for your integrity at the twilight of your tenure as President".  "These elements lobbied to deliberately occupy strategic security positions at the national assembly in addition to the Minister of Police Affairs, who is also from Sokoto. “You have repeatedly assured the international community and citizens of this country of your commitment to bequeathing credible elections in 2023. However, evidence abounds on their stubborn nocturnal manoeuvres to undermine your pledge.  "We view these posturings as serious infractions, and infringement on the course of justice, which stand against every fibre of the principle, for which Your Excellency is renowned. It is, therefore, our firm belief that Mr President would not sanction, or even allow such brazen interference with the rightful course of the law." In the open letter signed by its Convener, Barrister Muhammadu Mujtaba, the group further stated that their objective as concerned bipartisan Nigerians from Sokoto State is for the President to intervene to ensure that lawful inquiry into this matter is not subverted for political expediency or any other reason.  The group expressed optimism and belief that the President has the obligation to weigh into matters in the interest of justice, describing it as an opportunity to unravel one of the causes of the inefficiency of “our security agencies in dealing with crime and breach of law and order”.  According to the group, the ICPC investigation involving N12 billion take-off grant for the award of contracts has been stalled. It said, "We understand the Commission recently invited/arrested him in Abuja and subsequently released him on bail. We learnt that Ahmed Aliyu has another appointment with the EFCC on January 14, 2023.  "Our concern is that certain stalwarts of the APC in Sokoto State, who also hold prominent positions in your government at the federal level are scurrying around, trying to employ their offices to interfere with the ICPC/EFCC investigations.  "The people of Sokoto State have a right to know the moral and ethical credibility of those who aspire to lead them and sit in trust of their resources. Similarly, Mr President should as much as possible, endeavor to ascertain the integrity of the potential managers of the system you are leaving behind at all levels of governance."