According to an open letter written by Uzoma Ahamefule, it was alleged that the food joint which served dishes like Jollof rice, beans, fried fish and plantain among others collected €10 per plate in the joint. A group of some Nigerians residing in Austria, under the aegis of National Association of Nigerian Community in Austria (NANCA) have described a claim by one Uzoma Ahamefule that the management of the Nigerian Embassy in Vienna had turned the waiting room of the Embassy into a food joint, popularly known in Nigeria as "Mama-put" as untrue. According to an open letter written by Uzoma Ahamefule, it was alleged that the food joint which served dishes like Jollof rice, beans, fried fish and plantain among others collected €10 per plate in the joint.   Reacting to this claim, NANCA, in a statement signed by NANCA President Mag. Dr. Jude Okonkwo, described Uzoma Ahamefule as someone who is not well abreast about the real situation. The statement is titled, “Causa: Ahamefule – Nigerian Embassy in Austria 2022 Rejoinder: Shocking: The Waiting Room of the Nigerian Embassy in Vienna, Austria, turns to a Mama-Put joint.” The group therefore urged the members of the public to disregard the Uzoma Ahamefule’s allegations. The statement reads: “We, the leaders of the National Association of Nigerian Community in Austria (NANCA) received with dismay the report about the Nigerian Embassy in Vienna by Uzoma Ahamefule. This report was published on various social and electronic media outlet including Sahara reporters on the purported restaurant in the Nigerian Embassy in Vienna Austria. We wish to state without equivocation that the Nigerian Embassy here in Austria under the leadership of His Excellency Dauda UMAR together with his team has been unique in executing their functions as a diplomatic mission. As a result of which, the Nigerian community in Austria is appalled and bewildered by the report put forward by Mr. Ahamefule Uzoma. “The Ambassador is one who has a listening ear to the problems of Nigerian citizens in Austria. He is willing every time to contribute in any way that is within his reach towards the happiness of the Nigerians in Austria. During the celebration of Nigeria Independence in Vienna organized by National Association of Nigerian Community in Austria (NANCA), he showed that he is not just an ambassador but the father of all Nigerians in Austria. Simply put, he is loved and greatly appreciated by Nigerian Community in Austria, because of which the community is frowning at the complaint of Mr. Ahamefule who knows very little about the workings of both the Nigerian community in Austria and the Embassy. “It might interest you to know that the Nigerian Embassy in Vienna is not only responsible for Nigerians in Austria but also for those in Slovakia. Many Nigerians travel to Austria from other European countries to process either Visa or Passports. These Nigerians from other European countries have no knowledge of the geography of Vienna, what more of knowing where to get African food. This situation gave room for a lady to bring in food in the Embassy to ease the difficulties of our citizens and friends who have travelled from other European countries in their attempt to process their documents. It's not a restaurant as Mr. Ahamefule narrated and the Nigerians themselves are grateful for this gesture. The lady who renders this catering service is not even a staff of the embassy. Giving the fact that Mr. Uzoma is poorly informed about the true state of things, he wrote his article without detailed research on the identity of the lady. She is not being compensated and is not paid by the Embassy. “We, the National Association of Nigerian Community in Austria (NANCA) wish to advice the public to disregard the message from Mr. Uzoma Ahamefule because of the following reasons: “A.) It is wrong to spread half-truth and before one sends any message out, one should verify and double check the truth value of the message being sent out. “B.) Such half-truth can damage the image of the Nigerian Embassy in Austria which in turn may create an unhealthy relationship between the diplomatic mission and the Nigerian citizens in Austria. “C.) Rushing to social and electronic media without engaging the Embassy was completely wrong on the part of Mr. Ahamefule. “D.) There is other organs (like NANCA) through which he could have expressed his dissatisfaction before going public on the matter. Because of his lifestyle, he abandonedthe Association and started to throw stones in a house where he belonged. e.) These are the reasons why the Nigerian Community in Austria is advising the public to ignore whatever comes from him because he has been spreading such wrong information about the Embassy in the past. NANCA comprises of Egbe Omo Oduduwa Community Austria- Mr. Lanrewaju Fagbodun, Igbo “Community Austria-Sir Christian Ajuzie (KSM), Edo Community- Mr. Nosa Aifuwa, Urhobo Prog. Union- Mr. Prosper Christopher, Anioma Prog. Mr. Andrew Nwanbuzor, Ika Community Austria- Mr. Samson Ofiagbon, Esan Community- Mr. Stanley, Rivers State Community in Austria- Mr. Solomon.” 