Jandor on Tuesday raised the alarm over constant attacks on his campaign vehicles by alleged political thugs. Suspected thugs on Wednesday attacked the campaign team of the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Lagos State, Dr. Abdul-Azeez Olajide Adediran, popularly called Jandor.  Jandor on Tuesday raised the alarm over constant attacks on his campaign vehicles by alleged political thugs.  During his campaign tour of the council, Jandor addressed the issue at a meeting with the Chief Imam’s council at the Ketu Central Mosque in the Kosofe Local Government Area of the state, PM News reports. The candidate said that earlier in the day, hoodlums in the council attacked his campaign team, stabbing one of its members. He explained that since he started his tour of 245 wards on October 19, 2022, such attacks had occurred numerous times across different local government areas. However, Jandor’s campaign team again came under attack on Oworo Road in the Oworosonki area on Wednesday.  The hoodlums reportedly hauled stones, bottles, and other dangerous objects at the campaign team and blocked Oworo Road, insisting that the campaign team would not be allowed to access the road.  The candidate reportedly directed his security team not to attack the hoodlums but after being detained for about 45 minutes, the security personnel were able to chase the attackers away.  Speaking on the development, Mr. Hakeem Amode, the Lagos State PDP Publicity Secretary, while speaking on the development, told journalists that such incidents are not healthy for democracy in the country.  He called on President Muhammadu Buhari and the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba, to investigate all attacks on the party’s campaign team in various parts of the state.  According to him, the Nigerian Constitution and Electoral Act allow campaigns by all registered political parties without harassment by political thugs.  “It is unbelievable at this stage, that these are happening in a state that prides itself as the Centre of Excellency. It is sad that we cannot campaign freely.  “Electoral Law allows us to campaign anywhere in Lagos State but it is unfortunate that political thugs could attempt to stop us.  “On Tuesday, we were attacked in several wards in Kosofe and we were even prevented from entering markets to the campaign.  “We are more disturbed to hear that some of our loyalists, who came to welcome us, were prevented from entering the markets to continue their businesses,” Amode said.  "The trend has been happening for a very long time, this is probably the fourth or fifth local government this will be happening.  “I am using this opportunity to call on President Muhammadu Buhari, who has promised Nigerians a free, fair, and credible election, to consider the process leading to the election in Lagos State.  “It is not only the election day that matters, the processes that lead to elections are equally important for the credibility of the election.”  “I am also calling on the Inspector-General of the Police, the Commissioner of Police in the state and all Area Commanders of Police, and the Director of the DSS (Department of State Services) in Lagos State should be aware of this. We cannot continue to live in fear.  “All these happenings are capable of intimidating the general public, especially the voters. This cannot continue,” he added.