The military hierarchy is contemplating a drastic action to deter officers and men, whose 'unprofessional' conducts are smearing the image of the Nigerian Armed Forces, PRNigeria reports. The authorities of the Nigerian military have expressed their worry over the involvement of some of their personnel in violent crimes in recent times. The military hierarchy is contemplating a drastic action to deter officers and men, whose 'unprofessional' conducts are smearing the image of the Nigerian Armed Forces, PRNigeria reports. The development followed a report that a soldier was caught in an alleged robbery operation at PHDL Phase I Estate in Kurudu, a suburb of the Federal Capital Territory during the week. Last Sunday, an airman was also apprehended by some soldiers at PHDL Phase 5 Estate, Kurudu, while assisting two civilians to kidnap a resident of the estate. A military intelligence operative who spoke to PRNigeria on condition of anonymity said after the armed robbers attempted to infiltrate PHDL Phase I Estate, Kurudu, through the nearby NAOWA College, troops of AHQ Gar deployed for guard duty on the school premises challenged the armed robbers upon sighting their movement in the dark.  He narrated that “the robbers opened fire on the guards who also returned fire, hitting one of the armed robbers on the shoulder while the other fled and escaped”.  "Own soldiers on guard at the PHDL Phase I Estate swiftly dashed under cover of darkness to the school to beef up the guards upon hearing gunshots. The armed robber who was hit had one X AK47 rifle, 26 rounds of 7.62mm (special), a knife, a black mask, and a mobile phone.  "However, close observation of the robber confirmed that he is a soldier of the AHQ Gar Admin Bn currently on guard duty at a retired military General's residence at Saidu Isa close, Katampe extension, Abuja," the source said. Regarding the airman involved in a foiled kidnap operation, the military source said "the NAF personnel was apprehended by AHQ Gar soldiers on guard duty at PHDL Phase 5 Estate, Kurudu in AMAC while assisting two civilians to kidnap a resident of a house on Gen AB Dambazau Street in the estate. "Preliminary investigation confirmed that the airman and his civilian accomplices stormed the victim's house dressed in black suits, claiming they were DSS (Department of State Services) personnel. "The airman-led abductors immediately seized the mobile phones belonging to the victim and his wife including a laptop and ordered the victim into a waiting ash-coloured Toyota tc saloon vehicle with Registration Number (ABUJA) ABJ 755 LD.  "Following a tip-off by the victim's wife who raised alarm as the abductors were zooming off, own soldiers on duty swiftly engaged the abductors in a pursuit using motorcycles and eventually apprehended the airman and the vehicle with the assistance of passerby while his civilian accomplices fled and escaped.  "The victim was rescued unharmed while the airman is currently in the custody of AHQ Gar Prov Gp for further action." 