The MEND leader had been convicted in 2013 and sentenced to 24 years in jail for the 2010 bombings in Abuja and Warri which left about three people dead. The leader of the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND), Henry Okah, has accused top officials of the South African government of frustrating efforts to appeal his conviction and sentence. The MEND leader had been convicted in 2013 and sentenced to 24 years in jail for the 2010 bombings in Abuja and Warri which left about three people dead. The South Africa court had held that Okah provided more than N2 million to three individuals for the purpose of acquiring vehicles and explosives for use in the Warri bombing. On the Abuja bombing, the Court upheld that he “conspired, planned and instructed people in relation to its execution while he was in South Africa.” In a letter to the South African National Director of Public Prosecutions, Okah claimed that contents of manuscripts of his latest court applications had been tampered with. He added that the management of the C-Max Prison has continued to sabotage his court applications and recently prevented him use of materials for research of a public document. “I write to you being a respondent – and; attorney to other respondents respectively in the application recently filed in the Constitutional Court,” the MEND leader said. “Kindly be informed that further to tampering with the contents of manuscripts which I submit to be sent out for typing, agents of Fifth Respondent (The Management of the C-Max Prison) have continued to sabotage my court applications; and very recently, for “security reasons”, prevented my use for research of a public document (Judicial Inspectorate for Correctional Services). “You may agree that I can hardly expect a fair hearing should such malicious – or perhaps, present displays of ignorance be allowed to persist and, if so accepted, I respectfully ask your assistance towards enlightening concerned individuals about my right to use whatever documents which I deem to be necessary to the success of my court application. “Aside from the cruel and degrading treatment metered out to inmates of this prison, the 31 December 2022 confiscation of the said documents makes a mockery of your Government’s PLEDGE TO ABIDE THE UNITED NATIONS Standard Minimum “Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (Gerber V Government of the Republic of South Africa &amp; Others (unreported GB case no. 51128/09, 9 December 2010) at para. 19) – and underlines the need for persons in positions of authority to be adequately informed.” In an affidavit also filed on his behalf, Okah accused Ms E. Vermeulen, Chief Registrar of the Supreme Court of rejecting his petitions severally over “spurious grounds.” The affidavit read, “I am an adult male, Nigerian citizen, with passport number A10867879 - authorized by power of attorney to, if necessary, act on the behalf of Mr Henry Okah ("The Petitioner") - who is presently incarcerated in the Pretoria C-Max Prison, Pretoria. The facts herein deposed to fall within my personal knowledge and belief, and unless otherwise stated are both true and correct. “The petitioner is representing himself in this matter and he personally drafted his papers which were forwarded to Ms Nadia Mahomed in March of this year for typing. Due to difficulties experienced in accessing the petitioner - resulting from the manner of his detention, the typing and arranging of the application as demanded by this Court has unduly been prolonged. I am informed by the Applicant that the authorities of the Pretoria C-Max Prison refuse to commission all papers by himself (the Applicant) to any court whatsoever - hence the necessity for my intervention; in the absence of Ms Nadia Mahomed who previously had signed the Applicant's papers. “On 6 October 2022 I (Douglas Ibojekere Sunny Wenike) went to the Supreme Court in Bloemfontein to submit applications on behalf of the accused (Applicant) but same was not accepted by the registrar of the Supreme Court citing some inconsistencies, which were to be rectified later for proper submission to be made. On 10 November 2022 Ms Nadia Mahomed personally travelled to Bloemfontein intending to file in the Supreme Court, the Petitioner's habeas corpus application, where she met with Ms E. Vermeulen - the Chief Registrar of the Supreme Court. “The filing of the afore-said application was refused by Ms Vermeulen - based on the Petitioner's alleged non-compliance with unspecified rules of the Supreme Court. Ms Vermeulen however promised to communicate with Ms Nadia Mahomed; specifying where the petition had failed to comply with the rules and further, assured that her office would obtain from the Registrar of the Pretoria High Court, on the Petitioner's behalf, orders, and other like documents in the possession of the office of the Registrar of the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria. “Ms Nadia Mahomed was surprised to be informed subsequent to her meeting with Ms Vermeulen, that the Petitioner who has since been detained in solitary confinement, is expected to obtain such documents as the Registrar of the Supreme Court had promised to source. The 10 November 2022 rejection of the filing of the Petition was the fourth time in less than a year that its filing had been refused on spurious grounds -the last two of which the Petitioner deems to be with the intent to frustrate the hearing of an inherently urgent application - in violation of his (Petitioner's) section 35 (2) (d) constitutional right to habeas corpus. “In view of his detention conditions, the Petitioner telephonically instructed me to depose to, and sign, if need be, and file papers in this matter by virtue of the Power of Attorney assigned to me as his lawful agent and representative, which will now do. A copy of the said power of attorney, and my passport document - as well as that of the Petitioner, are attached as if specifically incorporated hereto.” 