Festus Keyamo, spokesperson for the presidential campaign, said this on Channels TV while reacting to Nigeria’s electoral body, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) statement that it could conduct a presidential run-off election should there be a need for it after the presidential election. The Tinubu/Shettima presidential campaign council has bragged that the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) would win the 2023 general election decisively on the first ballot. Festus Keyamo, spokesperson for the presidential campaign, said this on Channels TV while reacting to Nigeria’s electoral body, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) statement that it could conduct a presidential run-off election should there be a need for it after the presidential election. INEC through its national chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, had stated this, while answering questions at the Chatham House in London on Tuesday. According to the INEC chairman, the previous position of the law regarding the conduct of run-off elections made it practically impossible for the commission to conveniently hold it. However, Keyamo said the division of the opposition parties into different parties would make it easier for the ruling party to win this electoral circle. He said, “It will be concluded decisively on the first ballot, composition of Kwankwaso, Peter Obi, and Atiku Abubabakar were all on the same ticket, promoted the same ticket in 2019. We beat them with 4million votes. “They got 11million, we got 15million votes. That 11 has been divided into three now, Kwankwaso, Obi and Atiku. Our 15million remains the same and even more,” he added. The presidential and National Assembly elections will be held in Nigeria on February 25, 2023. The President of Nigeria is elected using a modified two-round system. To be elected in the first round, a candidate must receive a majority of the vote and over 25 per cent of the vote in at least 24 of the 36 states. If no candidate passes this threshold, a second round will be held between the top candidate and the next candidate to have received a plurality of votes in the highest number of states. 