SaharaReporters had reported that Soludo demanded for Kanu’s unconditional release from the custody of the Department of the State Service (DSS) where he had been confined since June 2021 when he was arrested in Kenya. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has reacted to Governor Charles Soludo of Anambra State’s demand that the Nigerian government should release the IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu unconditionally or accept him (Soludo) as Kanu’s surety. SaharaReporters had reported that Soludo demanded for Kanu’s unconditional release from the custody of the Department of the State Service (DSS) where he had been confined since June 2021 when he was arrested in Kenya. Reacting to Soludo’s demand, IPOB in a statement by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, appreciated the governor’s demand for Kanu’s unconditional release but pointed out that the IPOB leader had no need of surety, having been discharged and acquitted by courts of competent jurisdiction. IPOB said it “welcomes the recent call by the Governor of Anambra State, Governor Charles Soludo for the unconditional release of our leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu,” which is “belatedly coming three months and one day after the Court of Appeal, Abuja judicial division, in its erudite judgment delivered on the 13th day of October 2022, discharged and acquitted the leader of IPOB and all the remaining 8-Count amended charge preferred against him. “The landmark judgment of the court consequently directed for his unconditional release and further prohibited the Federal Government of Nigeria from further detaining our leader or even presenting him for trial on any indictment or offence whatsoever before any court in Nigeria.” The group stated that “Kanu has no any form of indictment or even charge pending against him today before any court by the authority of this Judgment. The issue of granting bail or otherwise does not arise by any stretch of consideration or imagination because it is the Federal Government that is today in breach of this order of superior court of competent jurisdiction.” Therefore, “It is to be emphasised further that Onyendu who was discharged on the 13th day of October 2022, by the court of appeal court does not have any need for surety because there is no charge hanging on his neck today. We have gone beyond the issue of surety or no surety. “Every genuine call/demand in the prevailing circumstance should be firmly directed at calling out on the Federal Government of Nigeria to immediately obey the order for the unconditional release of Onyendu made by its own court. “May we also remind Governor Soludo and others that Onyendu’s current incarceration is not sanctioned by any law known to man. It is unconstitutional and affront to constitutional democracy and rule of law. “Further to the above is the fact that Mazi Nnamdi KANU has no case to answer again; therefore, the need for surety does not arise, instead, Governor Soludo should gear all his efforts towards persuading and compelling on the lawless Fulani rulers of Nigeria to obey their own law. “It is to be pointed out further, that this kind of plea is the reason why Janjawead rulers of Nigeria have no regard for the rule of Law, why should we be pleading with them to obey their own court orders directing for the unconditional release of Onyendu. It’s compelling and mandatory on their part to obey their own court orders. “The Federal Government today is in grave contempt of the orders of its own court, and their appeal before the Supreme Court cannot justify the present illegal incarceration of our leader in solitary confinement in DSS.” 