The spokesperson for the state police command, DSP Bright Edafe, in a statement, said on Wednesday at about 6 pm, dragon patrol teams 19 and 20 while on stop and search along Ughelli/Patani expressway by Quest FM, were informed that the vehicle of a man who was kidnapped earlier in the day was sighted at Ohoro community in the state. The police in Delta State, South-South Nigeria say they killed two kidnappers terrorising the state, arrested one, rescued one kidnap victim and recovered two locally made guns and three live cartridges. The spokesperson for the state police command, DSP Bright Edafe, in a statement, said on Wednesday at about 6 pm, dragon patrol teams 19 and 20 while on stop and search along Ughelli/Patani expressway by Quest FM, were informed that the vehicle of a man who was kidnapped earlier in the day was sighted at Ohoro community in the state. Edafe said, “Consequently, the operatives swung into action and proceeded to the said area with a view to rescuing the kidnapped victim and arresting the suspects. “The policemen, with the active support of members of the community, trailed them to Patani Road, where the hoodlums, on noticing that the police were closing in on them, drove recklessly and got involved in an accident. “The police quickly intercepted the car while trying to flee the scene, arrested one of the suspects named Lucky Owofasa ‘m’ aged 28 yrs of Ewu community Ughelli North LGA and a cut-to-size locally made gun, three (03) live cartridges were recovered from him while others escaped. “The victim who was locked in the boot of the car was rescued unhurt and reunited with his family. Manhunt for the other fleeing members of the gang is ongoing.” In another development, the police spokesperson said that on Monday at about 5 pm, the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) of Owvian Aladja Police Station, CSP Aliyu Shaba, received a distress call that a male corpse was found at the expressway close to Ujevwu Junction in the Udu Local Government Area of the state. He said that acting on the information, the DPO detailed detectives to the scene where the corpse was later identified to be a 26-year-old man, Efe Peter, a native of Egiegi community who was shot by some armed robbers. The robbers stole his tricycle popularly known as Keke NAPEP. According to the police spokesman, the corpse was evacuated and taken to the mortuary but “on the same day, a good-spirited individual reported at the station that the deceased was his tricycle rider, and the tricycle has a tracking device installed on it.  “It was on this information that the operatives again swung into action, trailed and located the tricycle to Warri/Sapele road by mercy city church where the robbers, on sighting the police, opened fire in a bid to escape and the police responded accordingly.  “In the ensuing gun duel, one of the suspects was neutralized, while the other suspect who sustained a serious gunshot injury was arrested. He confessed to the murder of the deceased and revealed that his other gang members were one Kparobo 'm', Smally Macaiver 'm' and progress 'm' all residing in Ekpan.  “One cut-to-size locally made single barrel gun, one cartridge, and two expended cartridges were recovered while the injured suspect was taken to the hospital where he later died while receiving treatment. Effort is on to arrest the other gang members.” 