No fewer than 25 people reportedly died while others were hospitalised after an outbreak of diphtheria infection hit some communities in Kano state, Northwest Nigeria, heightening panic among residents of the state. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (NCDC) on Friday urged healthcare workers to maintain a high index of suspicion for diphtheria. No fewer than 25 people reportedly died while others were hospitalised after an outbreak of diphtheria infection hit some communities in Kano state, Northwest Nigeria, heightening panic among residents of the state. The outbreak was said to have started last week in Tudun Rubudi and Bare-Bari communities in the Ungogo Local Government Area of the state, with 25 deaths recorded so far. The Kano State Commissioner for Health, Dr Aminu Tsanyawa who confirmed the outbreak of the deadly Diphtheria disease, noted that the symptoms of the killer disease include sore throat, cough, drooling of saliva, change of voice, neck swelling, abnormal breathing, and fever. Meanwhile, the Director-General, NCDC, Dr Ifedayo Adetifa, in a public health advisory told the health workers to be vigilant and look out for symptoms of diphtheria, adding that the organisation has responded to reports of diphtheria cases in Lagos and Kano states. It added that it is monitoring the situation in Osun and Yobe states where “cases are now being picked up”. “In addition to clinically suspected cases, there have been laboratory-confirmed cases and the NCDC is working with State Ministries of Health and partners to enhance surveillance and response to the outbreak. This includes keeping the public informed on staying safe at home and in their communities,” it said. The agency said in addition to clinically suspected cases, there have been laboratory-confirmed cases and it is working with state ministries of health and partners to enhance surveillance and response to the outbreak.  According to the statement, Diphtheria is a serious bacterial infection caused by the bacterium called Corynebacterium species that affects the nose, throat, and sometimes, skin of an individual.  The advisory read in part, “People most at risk of contracting diphtheria: Children and adults who have not received any or a single dose of the pentavalent vaccine (a diphtheria toxoid-containing vaccine); people who live in a crowded environment, people who live in areas with poor sanitation and healthcare workers and others who are exposed to suspected/confirmed cases of diphtheria.”  Regarding transmission, it said, “Diphtheria spreads easily between people through direct contact with infected people, droplets from coughing or sneezing, and contact with contaminated clothing and objects.” And about its symptoms, it said, “The onset of signs and symptoms usually starts after two to 10 days of exposure to the bacteria. Symptoms of diphtheria include fever, runny nose, sore throat, cough, red eyes (conjunctivitis), and neck swelling. “In severe cases, a thick grey or white patch appears on the tonsils and/or at the back of the throat associated with difficulty breathing.” Advising Nigerians on how it can be prevented, the NCDC said, “The Nigeria childhood immunisation schedule recommends three (3) doses of pentavalent vaccine (diphtheria toxoid-containing vaccine) are recommended for children in the 6th-, 10th- and 14th -week of life.” The NCDC further advised: “Parents should ensure that their children are fully vaccinated against diphtheria with three (3) doses of the pentavalent vaccine as recommended in the childhood immunisation schedule. “Healthcare workers should maintain a high index of suspicion for diphtheria i.e., be vigilant and look out for symptoms of diphtheria. “Individuals with signs and symptoms suggestive of diphtheria should isolate themselves and notify the local government area (LGA), state disease surveillance officer (DSNO) or the NCDC through our toll-free line (6232). “Close contacts with a confirmed case of diphtheria should be closely monitored given antibiotics prophylaxis and started on diphtheria antitoxin treatment when indicated. “All healthcare workers (doctors, nurses, laboratory scientists, support staff etc.) with higher exposure to cases of diphtheria should be vaccinated against diphtheria.” 