This was stated by the Chairman of the CSOs, Comrade Enefaa Georgewill, who explained that their initial planned mass action was changed to a warning protest due to the intervention of security agencies, particularly the Department of State Services, which pleaded for two weeks to resolve the crisis. Civil society organisations in Rivers State have given Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited, NNPCL and security agencies a 14-day ultimatum to find a lasting solution to fuel scarcity and reduce its pump price in the state or face full-blown mass action. This was stated by the Chairman of the CSOs, Comrade Enefaa Georgewill, who explained that their initial planned mass action was changed to a warning protest due to the intervention of security agencies, particularly the Department of State Services, which pleaded for two weeks to resolve the crisis. Georgewill stated that the DSS assured them that it had reached out to NNPCL and that procedures were in place to restore normalcy, warning that if the fuel pump price did not return to the official price of N165 per litre within two weeks, there would be mass action by CSOs. He said, “What is happening here is a warning protest to the NNPCL to stop suffocating and punishing Rivers people by allowing filling station owners to sell above the government-approved price. “Since yesterday, security agencies have been on our neck that we shouldn't carry out the mass protest. We did remind them that protest is part of our democracy, and it's the duty and rights of citizens to engage in protest. “What security agents need to do is to provide security for protesters.” The Public Relations Officer of Rivers State Civil Society Organisations (RIVCSO), Comrade Solomon Lenu, also questioned why the outspoken Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike is deafeningly silent as his people groan in agony over price hikes and fuel scarcity. Solomon Lenu said, “Nigeria is using N4.3 trillion to subsidise fuel that we don't have, in addition to that, NNPCL said Nigerians are consuming 60 million litres of fuel per day. This is a product that is solely imported into the Country by NNPCL and the President who doubles as Petroleum Minister is saying nothing about it. “The Governor of Rivers State who is a vocal person and when he speaks, the country stands still, is not saying anything about it because they both don't face the same problem faced by ordinary Rivers people. We are saying Enough is Enough!”  According to Jonas Iniayemana, a lawyer and resident of Rivers State, the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Act requires that when there is a price increase, the people must be adequately informed. “The government forcing us to buy fuel (PMS) at N300 for a product that should be N165 is unacceptable, and the arbitrary price increase violates the PPPRA Act,” Jonas said.