The video footage seen by SaharaReporters was said to have been taken at Emene Primary School in Enugu-East Local Government Area of Enugu State in the Southeastern region of Nigeria. Video footage of a suspected female official of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) who charges Nigerians the sum of N1,000 before they get their Permanent Voter Cards has surfaced on the internet. The video footage seen by SaharaReporters was said to have been taken at Emene Primary School in Enugu-East Local Government Area of Enugu State in the Southeastern region of Nigeria. WATCH: Suspected Official Of INEC @inecnigeria Boldly Charges Nigerians N1,000 For PVC Collection In Enugu pic.twitter.com/SspIeDofGa — Sahara Reporters (@SaharaReporters) January 30, 2023 The National Commissioner and Chairman, INEC Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye, on Saturday that the deadline for free collection of the PVCs had been extended by one week. Despite that INEC has repeatedly announced that collection of PVCs is free, in the video, when the people complained that they were told collection of PVCs is free, the woman who spoke both in Igbo and English boldly told them to go to the local government secretariat and collect the PVCs if they do not want to pay the N1,000 charge. When some of them said that the government gave them holidays to enable them to get their PVCs without any charge, the suspected INEC official said, "In fact, let me go to the local government," to which the people told her to go. But she quickly responded, "I will not go" and sat back, collected N1,000 from a young lady and issued her a PVC. The people in the video footage told her that her action was against the law and that she was creating a bad impression but she started hurling abuses at them saying, "May madness kill you there." She continued, "If you don't like it, go to the local government and collect it. Push me and let us fight it to the fullest. Did you pay me this job? God punish you."