According to the senator representing Enugu west senatorial district, the announcement came to him as “a rude shock and huge surprise.” A former governor of Enugu State, Chimaroke Nnamani, has reacted to the decision of his party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to suspend him. According to the senator representing Enugu west senatorial district, the announcement came to him as “a rude shock and huge surprise.” The PDP National Working Committee (NWC) had on Friday suspended Nnamani and eight other members for alleged anti-party activities. The PDP National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba, who announced the development, said the decision was in line with the party’s constitution. Despite being a chieftain of the PDP, Nnamani has been canvassing support for the presidential candidate of the APC, Bola Tinubu. Reacting in a statement, the lawmaker said he didn’t get a fair hearing. He said, “To all my teeming supporters. On Friday, the National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) announced the decision of the National Working Committee (NWC) of PDP, suspending me from the party. “I have since been inundated with telephone calls and messages from various persons, seeking my clarification on the matter. Just like every other person, the decision and announcement of my purported suspension from the PDP came to me as a rude shock and huge surprise. “I was never at any time notified of any petition or complaint against me or informed of the grounds that formed the decision of the NWC of the PDP to suspend me from the party. “I was not also invited to any meeting, proceeding or hearing of the NWC of the party where my supposed offence (s) was/were discussed. I was therefore, not afforded the opportunity to make representations on my behalf at any meeting where the proposal and decision to suspend me from the party was made. “My right to fair hearing was consequently violated against the clear provisions of the Constitution of the party, especially in disciplinary proceedings. More importantly the Superior Constitution of the FRN. “I therefore appeal to all of you to remain calm and law abiding while we continue our campaign to a hopefully victorious conclusion. To God be the glory.” 