There was reported violence in the Ojota area of Lagos on Monday as some Yoruba Nation agitators held a rally in the area. The police in Lagos, Southwest Nigeria, say they have arrested four suspects in connection with the alleged killing of two Yoruba Nation agitators by police officers at Ojota on Monday.  There was reported violence in the Ojota area of Lagos on Monday as some Yoruba Nation agitators held a rally in the area.  A Twitter user, YorubaGlobalYouth, shared a picture of a lifeless man and a video reportedly captured during the riot.   The Twitter user captioned the multimedia elements as follows: “BREAKING NEWS! TWO PEOPLE HAVE BEEN REPORTED KILLED BY THE NIGERIAN POLICE AT THE YORUBA NATION OJOTA PEACEFUL MEGA RALLY TODAY 9TH JANUARY, 2023. IT WAS MEANT TO BE PEACEFUL!!!”  However, Benjamin Hundeyin, Lagos police command spokesperson in a statement on Monday said four suspects have been arrested  The spokesperson affirmed that one person has been confirmed dead, while two police officers shot by the miscreants are currently receiving treatment.  Benjamin said the miscreants attacked the police, adding that they fired gunshots and destroyed two vehicles in the process. He, however, added that an investigation has commenced into the violence.  He said, "In the early hours of today, miscreants masquerading as Yoruba Nation Agitators came out in their hundreds, disrupting social and commercial activities at Ojota area of the State.  "A team of police officers, comprising Alausa Division and the Raid Respond Squad (RRS) promptly stepped in to disperse the unlawful gathering and prevent a breakdown of law and order. The miscreants attacked the police, shooting, and destroyed two vehicles in the process.  "One person has been confirmed dead, while two police officers shot by the miscreants are currently receiving treatment. Four suspects have been arrested and investigations have commenced.  "Meanwhile, normalcy has been restored to the area. Lagosians are urged to go about their lawful businesses as measures have been put in place to prevent further breakdown of law and order; and keen monitoring of the situation continues.”  "It is imperative to state unequivocally that the Lagos State Police Command will not allow any person or group of persons, under whatever guise, disrupt the peace currently enjoyed in the State," the statement added.   Reply allReplyForward