He was said to have died on Wednesday, January 25 after a brief illness in Abuja, the same day the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in Abia State, Prof. Uchenna Ikonne, was confirmed dead. The governorship candidate of the National Rescue Movement in Adamawa State, Alhaji Aliyu Maina, was on Thursday confirmed dead with weeks to the general elections. He was said to have died on Wednesday, January 25 after a brief illness in Abuja, the same day the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in Abia State, Prof. Uchenna Ikonne, was confirmed dead. The National Publicity Secretary of the NRM, Olusola Afuye, confirmed the incident in a statement. He said, “According to the statement from the family, late Alhaji Abba Maina died on Wednesday, January 25 at his residence in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, after a brief illness. “He has been buried according to Muslim rite. We pray to Almighty Allah to protect his family and all his loved ones. “We are also calling on all his family members, business and political associates to show late Maina’s family love and care during this mourning period. “Further details and arrangements would be made known to the public after deliberations and meetings are made with his immediate family and his political family.” SaharaReporters had reported that Ikonne, a professor and former vice chancellor of the Abia State University, Uturu died on Wednesday at the National Hospital in Abuja, according to a statement from his first son, Uche-Ikonne Chikezie, on behalf of the family. “I regret to announce the death of my dear father, Prof Eleazar Uchenna Ikonne, who died at the National Hospital Abuja today, 25th January 2023 by 4am after a brief illness. “He was recovering after taking proper treatment in the United Kingdom but relapsed a few days ago leading to multiple cardiac arrests for which he didn’t recover from,” the statement had said. Reacting, Governor Okezie Ikpeazu described Ikonne’s death as an immeasurable loss to the state. The governor had directed that all flags in the state should be flown at half-mast, while all campaign activities of the party should be suspended. 