The two global bodies reminded Nigerians of the consequences should there be outbreak of violence, adding that no other nation in the sub-region could possibly accommodate the nation's refugees. The United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) have cautioned Nigeria against violence in the forthcoming general elections. The two global bodies reminded Nigerians of the consequences should there be outbreak of violence, adding that no other nation in the sub-region could possibly accommodate the nation's refugees. Daily Trust reports that the warning was issued in Jos, Plateau State Capital, by the two bodies during a mediation training and interactive engagement with the Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC) and other stakeholders. According to the report, the stakeholders were drawn from the North-Central and the North-East, on non-violence 2023 elections. SaharaReporters had reported that several offices of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) were attacked and burnt across the country. The recent was the attack on INEC office in Enugu State on Sunday, where on policeman was killed by hoodlums. Speaking at the session with IPAC, the United Nations Office for West Africa and Sahel (UNOWAS), represented by Sa’adatu Sha’abu cautioned that should anything go wrong the unimaginable consequences would be grave, and therefore, everybody should play by the rules. According to him, “If things go wrong in Nigeria, there’ll be negative consequences for the peace and stability of the entire region.” On his part, ECOWAS Programme Officer, Mediation, Brown Odigie advised all stakeholders on the peaceful conduct of the 2023 elections. Odigie, represented by the ECOWAS Commissioner for Political Affairs, Peace and Security, Abel Fatau, appealed to candidates and their parties to uphold the signed peace accord and the electoral guidelines. “This is a mediation often done in countries across the ECOWAS region. We’re doing it for Nigeria because it’s a strategic member of ECOWAS.  “Nigeria has a huge population. The election can generate conflict if not effectively managed. And when violence occurs, with the enormous population of Nigeria, it can split to other neighbouring countries. I can assure you that no member within the zone of ECOWAS has the capacity to accommodate refugees from Nigeria.”  Responding, IPAC National Secretary, Yusuf Dantalle, lamented that election violence stems from desperate politicians because of huge election spending.