"The next thing I heard was a gunshot and I looked back to see what was happening; I saw that a windscreen was falling down."    A police inspector, Matthew Ahmen, who worked with ASP Drambi Vandi, the officer accused of killing a lawyer, Mobolanle Raheem, on Monday, testified in a Lagos State High Court that the Ajah Divisional Police Officer warned them not to shoot any civilian. Ahmen, who was led in evidence-in-chief by the Attorney General and Commissioner of Justice, Moyosore Onigbajo, SAN, testified before Justice Ibironke Harrison that on December 25, 2022, when the incident occurred, he and his colleagues returned to work at 6am in their Ajah office. The witness said, “The DPO told us that on no account should anyone use firearms, except someone was in danger or our lives were being threatened.” He stated that the three of them were assigned to Ajah under bridge and that Vandi was the team's leader. The witness, who stated that he joined the Nigeria Police Force in 2001, stated that during the stop and search, another colleague, Dimini, was in front, while he was in the middle, and Vandi was in the back. When Dimini saw a car approaching and flagged it down, the car did not stop, according to Ahmen. When the car arrived at his location, he flagged it down, but the driver did not stop. "The next thing I heard was a gunshot and I looked back to see what was happening; I saw that a windscreen was falling down. “The next thing I saw again was a dark woman who jumped down from the vehicle and I heard her saying, ‘Oga you have killed my sister.’ The woman held him (Vandi) and before I and Dimini could get to them, they had entered the car, locked it and left,” he added. Ahmen said after the shooting, he and Dimini returned to the station. He said, “Vandi entered the same vehicle and they drove him away; we did not know where they went to. While we were at the station, we saw that the DPO brought ASP Vandi to the station with the police patrol vehicle.” Vandi had previously been charged with one count of murder by the Lagos State Government. He was charged with the murder of Raheem at the Ajah under bridge on the Lekki-Epe Expressway in Lagos State. According to the state government, Vandi illegally killed the pregnant woman by shooting her in the chest. According to the prosecution, the offense violated Section 223 of the Lagos State Criminal Law of 2015. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge. As a result, the AG informed the court that he had two witnesses ready for trial. The trial began right away when Ahmen was called as the first prosecution witness. Following his testimony, the case was postponed until January 25 and 26, for the continuation of the trial. Mr Yakubu Maikyau, SAN, President of the Nigeria Bar Association, and some of his members, as well as the chairman of the Lagos Island NBA branch, were also present during the trial on Monday. Maikyau stated that his team's presence in court was to demonstrate their commitment to bringing the case to a logical conclusion. “Never again will matters like this be swept under the carpet under our watch; we would not let it happen,” he added.  