He urged Nigerians to rise and possess their inheritance, noting that everyone in this nation, whether Christian or Muslim, needs protection.   Omoyele Sowore, the presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC) has said Nigerians should not wait any longer to take back from looters the nation God gave them. The AAC presidential candidate gave the charge at the fifth edition of 'One Man Conference' organised by Apostolic Roundtable in Lagos last Tuesday. Responding to a member of the congregation who noted that there can be only one leader, Sowore went religious, saying, "Well, as you can hear from the congregation today, the man has been revealed unto you. It's up to you to listen to the word of God and the commandments because I will guarantee you that the only thing to which I have committed my life since I have been born, is service to this country." Sowore said he doesn't need to prove to anyone how well he serves God but assured the congregation that in his private capacity, he has served God more than Nigerian leaders. He urged Nigerians to rise and possess their inheritance, noting that everyone in this nation, whether Christian or Muslim, needs protection. He said, "As long as you are a citizen of this country, the job of the President must be to protect you but as the President of this country, there will be special protection for areas that are vulnerable. "I know where the churches are, that before they can gather, they must have the army surround their building in places like Adamawa, Plateau, Benue, Katsina. I went to Gombe in 2018, I discovered that almost 60-70 per cent of the people there are Christians, the same thing with Kebbi." "How long will we continue to sit and watch looters loot our country; how long will we continue to allow them tell us when to wake or sleep? The nation God has given to us, when are we going to possess it? God is here now. It needn't take forever; it's time," he stated, adding that a country blessed with plenty of resources like Nigeria already has the ingredients required for growth. The Senior Pastor of Trinity House Church, Ituah Ighodalo, advised church leaders in Nigeria to take politics seriously and not act like they do not care about politics. Ighodalo said Nigeria is at a crossroads and therefore cannot afford to choose the wrong leader. “We all should arise, the ignorance of the leadership of the church is not encouraging. "Nigeria is known as a country with natural resources but unfortunately, we do not have true leaders with a genuine love for the nation," he said. He said the country "needs true leaders who are truly passionate about Nigeria, leaders who are honest, faithful, disciplined, hardworking and energetic". He said, on the other hand, Nigeria does not need selfish leaders. Dr Pogu Bitrus, President of the Middle Belt Forum, said Nigeria needs leaders who will put the country first. Dr Bolaji Akinyemi, the convener of the Apostolic Round Table, cautioned the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Mahmood Yakubu against going ahead with any plan to cancel the national polls slated for February this year, noting that the country needs a new constitution. He said, "We are not going to repeat what happened in 1993 in 2023. This time, they have failed; we don’t have to bring leaders who are not competent. "We don't owe any presidential candidate a dime; this time with God Almighty, we will get it right." Akinyemi said Yakubu "has no right to tell us that election won't hold," describing the issue as a constitutional matter. 