Gunmen killed the Ebubeagu commander's wife, Urenma Chima, two daughters and burnt his two houses in Amaoso community on New Year's Day.  The Commander of Ebubeagu Security Network in Afikpo South Local Government Area of Ebonyi State, Kalu Chima, has narrated how 19 gunmen led by the coordinator of a development centre killed his seven-month-old pregnant wife and two daughters on New Year’s Day.  Ebubeagu is a regional security outfit established by the South-East governors to combat exacerbating insecurity in the zone.  So far, only Ebonyi and Imo states currently have functional Ebubeagu security outfits.  SaharaReporters earlier reported that gunmen killed the Ebubeagu commander's wife, Urenma Chima, two daughters and burnt his two houses in Amaoso community on New Year's Day.  Narrating the incident, a distressed Chima said he knows all the assailants. According to him, the assailants are supporters of a political heavyweight in Ekoli Edda and they were led by a chairman of the development centre in their council area.  Chima who spoke to The Nation narrated: “On 1st January, 2023, I was sleeping in my bed with my wife and my two kids, Blessing Kalu Chima, 12 years old, and Roseline Kalu Chima, two years old, when I heard a gunshot in front of my house which woke me up immediately.  “I walked to the window and opened the curtain and saw men with AK47 riffles numbering about 19 and I know them all.  “One of them who is the coordinator of one of the development centres in our local government, was positioning them, ordering them to cordon off my house. Some of them hit my door twice. I told my wife, let’s run away.  “Because of my wife’s pregnancy, she couldn’t run. When the door was hit the third time, I left my wife and my children and escaped through the backyard.  “I jumped the fence and landed where villagers throw waste. I laid there and heard last gunshot and my wife shouted and couldn’t talk again. They poured fuel on my two houses and set them on fire.  “I called my PA (Personal Assistant) to go and see what was happening in my house. When he got there, he saw the body of my wife and my two kids." 