The former governor also noted that his Labour Party’s counterpart, Peter Obi would rather save money and allow the people to go hungry. The presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, has warned Nigerians that the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, would sell the nation’s assets to the highest bidder, if voted in as Nigerian president. The former governor also noted that his Labour Party’s counterpart, Peter Obi would rather save money and allow the people to go hungry. Tinubu made this known while speaking on Saturday at Democracy Park in Akure, the Ondo State capital, during APC rally, adding that neither city-dwellers nor farmers prospered while Obi was the governor of Anambra State. Tinubu said the former Vice President (Atiku) cared less that his policies and action would impoverish the people. He said:  “On February 25, I know you will be a champion of progressive politics again. That date represents for the nation and for each and every one of us an appointment with destiny. “We not only must make that appointment, we must emerge from the appointment fully dedicated to creating a more prosperous, safer, tolerant and dynamic society. “But these things do not come by accident. These things are but some of the fruits that only progressive and democratic good governance can harvest. And that progressive governance can only be brought to you by someone who has governed in a progressive manner before. “Atiku doesn’t want to do the brave and hard work required to build a better nation. Instead, he would rather sell your birthright to the highest bidder and run off with the proceeds. “He cares little that his policies and actions will impoverish you and leave you with nothing.” The former Lagos state Governor stressed that Obi had a chance to show how progressive he could be when he was governor of Anambra State. Tinubu noted that Nigerians cannot entrust their future in the hands of Atiku who is ready to sell the nation’s assets or Obi who was known to be stingy.   