While speaking in Abeokuta, the Ogun state capital during his campaign rally, Tinubu lamented that the current fuel scarcity being experienced in the country and the ‘redesigning’ of new banknotes with the approval of President Muhammadu Buhari are all plans to sabotage the forthcoming elections to prevent him from winning. The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore, has taunted his ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) counterpart, Bola Tinubu, for saying that fuel scarcity and redesigning of some Naira notes by the government of his political party are trying to sabotage the forthcoming general elections. While speaking in Abeokuta, the Ogun state capital during his campaign rally, Tinubu lamented that the current fuel scarcity being experienced in the country and the ‘redesigning’ of new banknotes with the approval of President Muhammadu Buhari are all plans to sabotage the forthcoming elections to prevent him from winning. Tinubu asked his supporters to ignore whatever effects the fuel scarcity is creating and trek if need be to ensure they vote for him. But speaking on Arise TV Prime Time programme on Wednesday night, Sowore said Tinubu’s statements did not come as a surprise because he sometimes speaks in tongues. The human rights activist and #RevolutionNow convener said if Nigerians should truly understand Tinubu very well, they should know that he has been sending a huge, powerful message that the Nigerian people should not vote for him and his party.  Sowore said, "He is from the APC. They are the cause of fuel scarcity. He is just begging Nigerians not to vote for him but people don't listen to him. You know he speaks in tongues sometimes and this is what he has done again. "The second aspect of it is that he is revealing the fractured relationship within the top hierarchy of the ruling party. "The truth is that President Muhammadu Buhari is just pretending to be supporting him but he is actually working for another candidate. "But the biggest message from it is that he is begging not to be voted into office and I hope Nigerians understand the nuances and the power of that message; that look, we brought you this misery and if you want to continue in the misery, vote for us, otherwise, how can a driver of a vehicle complain that he didn't know that the tyres were deflated embarking on the journey. "So, that means that things are fallen apart in APC and we love it that way because now, Nigerians are coming to the realisation of what we have always said."