This was contained in a message sent to SaharaReporters by the South-West Zonal Coordinator for the National Emergency Management Agency, Mr Ibrahim Farinloye. The five-storey building that was gutted fire at the popular Balogun Market located on Lagos Island on Thursday morning would be demolished by the Lagos State government. This was contained in a message sent to SaharaReporters by the South-West Zonal Coordinator for the National Emergency Management Agency, Mr Ibrahim Farinloye. “The 5 Storey building will be pulled down as processes are under way to demolish the structure,” Farinloye said. SaharaReporters had earlier reported that the big building was gutted by fire. A video seen by SaharaReporters showed people making frantic efforts to put out the fire. As of the time of filing this report, the loss and casualties of the incident were yet to be ascertained. This is the sixth time the market has gone up in flames. A similar incident occurred at the market sometime in November 2019, 2020, 2021 and twice in 2022. And in each case, several goods worth millions of naira were destroyed. SaharaReporters learnt that some of the shop owners affected by the incident openly wept when they got to the scene in October 2022. It was reported that eyewitnesses said the fire started from one of the buildings located on Martins Street. But operatives of the Lagos State Emergency Agency (LASEMA), Lagos State Fire and Rescue Services, as well as other responders, were deployed to the market to put out the fire. The Permanent Secretary of LASEMA, Dr. Femi Oke-Osanyintolu, was quoted as saying that rescue operations were ongoing at the scene as firefighters and other first responders battled to put out the fire. “The agency responded to distress calls concerning the above location and upon arrival at the scene, a shop on the top floor of a four-storey building was found to be gutted by fire. “Further information gathered revealed that clothing materials were stored inside the shop. “Fortunately, there was no casualty involved in the incident. The agency’s responders alongside the Federal Fire service, Lagos State Fire service and UBA fire services are joint responders working together to put out the fire and prevent its spread to nearby buildings. Operation ongoing,” Oke-Osanyitolu said. 