  The newly inaugurated Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Garki branch, Abuja, has honoured some eminent Nigerians in the legal profession, as part of its awards ceremony held in Abuja. At its award dinner which attracted legal practitioners, Senior Advocates, captains of industry and the crème dela creme in society witnessed the recognition and the giving of awards to some distinguished Nigerians who distinguished themselves in various fields. The award recipients include former President of the Nigerian Bar Association, Olumide Akpata, who received the Award of excellence in Leadership of the Bar, Y.C Maikaya, current president of the Nigeria Bar Association and Senior Advocates of Nigeria (SAN) who received the Award for Dynamic Leadership. Others awardees are Aminu Tambuwal, governor of Sokoto state, who received award for recognition for Excellence in Governance and Cecil Ezem Osakwe who received the award for excellence in real estate sector. In a statement by the association, Akpata was commended for how he handled various issues affecting the bar when he was president. The statement read, “The newly inaugurated Nigeria Bar Association, Garki, branch, in their inaugural dinner and Award Night held on the 9th December 2022 has recognised some distinguished personalities in Nigeria. The branch in their Award Dinner which attracted legal practitioners, Senior Advocates, captains of Industries and the crème dela creme in society witnessed the recognition and the giving of Awards to some distinguished Nigerians who have distinguished themselves in various fields. “The awards recipients include former President of the Nigerian Bar Association, Olumide Akpata, who received the Award of excellence in Leadership of the Bar, Y.C Maikaya, current president of the Nigeria Bar Association and Senior Advocates of Nigeria (SAN) who received the Award for Dynamic Leadership. Others awardees are the Governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal, who received Award for recognition for Excellence in Governance and Cecil Ezem Osakwe who receives the Award for Excellence in Real estate sector. “Olumide Akpata the former President was commended on how he handled various issues that affected the bar. He was president between 2020 and 2022. Cecil Ezem Osakwe is senior lawyer and a consummate real estate developer who has developed properties both in the United States, London and Nigeria. Cecil Osakwe has vast experience in real estate business which has spanned over thirty years. “The Harvard trained lawyer and businessman is the chairman and Chief executive officer of his group of companies which includes  CEO Associates & Projects Ltd, Interproject Associates Limited, Alkire  Partners Nigeria  Limited,  Abeh Signature Ltd and Ezem Osakwe & company among others. He is also a great philanthropist who has impacted millions of people within and outside Nigeria; he loves for humanity has seen his donation of hostels to schools and centre to churches. Cecil has over two hundred workers in his employment.” 