The Lagos State AAC governorship candidate, Akeem Olayiwola, called on Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to compel the police to produce the names of the erring policemen. The African Action Congress (AAC) has asked the Nigeria Police Force to immediately release the names of the officers who shot and killed the two Yoruba Nation agitators on Monday in Lagos State. The Lagos State AAC governorship candidate, Akeem Olayiwola, called on Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to compel the police to produce the names of the erring policemen. There was reported violence in the Ojota area of Lagos on Monday as some members of Yoruba Nation agitators held a rally in the area. A Twitter user, YorubaGlobalYouth, shared a picture of a lifeless man and a video reportedly captured during the riot. The user had captioned the multimedia elements as follows: “BREAKING NEWS! TWO PEOPLE HAVE BEEN REPORTED KILLED BY THE NIGERIAN POLICE AT THE YORUBA NATION OJOTA PEACEFUL MEGA RALLY TODAY 9TH JANUARY, 2023. IT WAS MEANT TO BE PEACEFUL!!!” The Lagos police command spokesperson, Benjamin Hundeyin, in a statement on Monday said four suspects had been arrested. The spokesperson affirmed that one person had been confirmed dead, while two police officers shot by the miscreants were currently receiving treatment. However, in a statement jointly signed by Akeem Olayiwola, the AAC's gubernatorial candidate and Ben Eze, deputy governorship candidate on Monday, the AAC demanded for the identity of the officers that committed the crime. The party also called on all people of conscience to rise and save Lagos from the “beasts who masqueraded as Lagos leaders." The statement read in part; "It is clearly beyond a bad omen for police to keep shooting at voices of dissents. We vehemently condemn the brutal Killing of two members of Yoruba Nation Agitators today at Ojota, Kosofe local government of Lagos State. "This is when the blood of Jumoke Oyeleke, murdered in July, 2021 is still fresh in our hearts. And recently, the brutal murders of Gafaru Buraimoh and Barrister Bolanle Raheem, shows that those at the rule of Lagos are acting more like Vampires who do not seek any civil ways to resolve issues other than bloodlettings. "How crude has the Governor Sanwo-Olu government turned Lagosians to a people wavering and shivering at the sight of military uniformed guys on the streets? We cannot continue like this. "The case of the Lekki massacre is still the root to which the police brutality should have been halted once and for all. But till date, Governor Sanwo-Olu and his godfathers decided not to implement the great Justice Okuwobi-led #EndSARS Panel Reports. "The Lekki massacre still lives in our memories, no one can ever delete from our memories that horror that sought to incapacitate and destroy the legacies of the great youth rising in the #EndSARS. "The violation of Lagosians’ right is quite excessive in Gov. Sanwolu administration. From LASTMA to police to soldiers, this ruinous government has let the hell of brutality and barbarism loose on Lagosians. "This must stop and Lagos must be liberated. For truly, We Can't Continue Like This! "#OlaEze2023 and the AAC hereby call on Governor Sanwo-Olu to name the officers who shot and killed the two Yoruba Nation Agitators immediately. We also call on all people of conscience to rise and save Lagos from these beasts who masquerade as "Lagos Leaders." "We know that by February 2023, Lagosians are going to reject this tyranny and oppressions at the polls. As part of ways to rig, the wicked rulers are arming and encouraging both uniformed and non-uniformed thugs to start unleashing violence on the people. "But the time for the liberation of Lagos is here. No matter the sod of the cemeteries, no the bestiality of the boots and the bloodiest of bullets, Lagosians will be liberated for good. #IrapadaEko. Dandan Ni. These days shall pass. Victory is certain," the statement added. 