Wike who spoke on Monday, during the flag-off construction of the Elele internal roads in the Ikwerre Local Government Area of the state, said the NDDC had become a cash cow for politicians.  Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has said he will expose corruption in the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), alleging that politicians are pressuring the National Assembly to pass the N500billion budget. Wike who spoke on Monday, during the flag-off construction of the Elele internal roads in the Ikwerre Local Government Area of the state, said the NDDC had become a cash cow for politicians. Regretting that NDDC oversaw the underdevelopment of the Niger Delta area and her people, the governor said that because of the forthcoming elections, politicians had put pressure on the National Assembly to pass the N500billion budget for NDDC, when actually you could not see the impact on the people. “NDDC has become a cash cow for politicians,” he said. “The President has just inaugurated the new Board of the NDDC; N500billion budget for NDDC. Election is coming from the 25th of February. What the politicians have done is to put pressure on the National Assembly so that they pass the N500bn budget for NDDC.” Wike who led the five, aggrieved five governors of the PDP, now called “G-5 integrity governors”, however, alleged that the people of Niger Delta did not experience the impact of the huge funds disbursed for the development of the area. “At the end of the day, you can’t see the impact of N500billion for Niger Delta. Who are those superintending the Niger Delta? Are they not our children?” he queried. Wike also accused the NDDC of not knowing the priorities of the people but foisting needless projects on the people. The governor challenged the new NDDC Chairman, Lauretta Onochie to judiciously utilise the new budget of the commission for the good of the people of the Niger Delta. “I will use this budget to test you whether you will sit with your management to allow this N500bn to be siphoned to private pockets. I will use this one to test the Chairman of NDDC, our sister, Onochie. “Our eyes are open, this N500bn, our eyes are open. I’ve told the Attorney General to get prepared to go to court and challenge them. This one, I will expose them,” Wike said.   