A former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi is the presidential candidate of the party. Labour Party supporters have accused the party's leaders of refusing to release funds to mobilise people for the party's presidential campaign rally, which is scheduled for Friday (today) in Jos, Plateau State's capital. A former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi is the presidential candidate of the party. In a video obtained by SaharaReporters, a member of the party, Marry, bemoaned the failure of the party's stakeholders in the state to release funds intended for the mobilisation of people just 24 hours before the rally. “What is really happening is that the person in charge of the support group money has refused to release it to the support group to mobilise people. “Today is Thursday and tomorrow our principal is supposed to be in town and there is no money to mobilise people. And so far the support groups have been the ones that have elevated Labour Party’s name. And I don't know why you are taking them for granted and they have turned them to trash,” she said. “I don't really have an idea of how much that was sent but I know that money has been released,” she added. WATCH: Labour Party Supporters Accuse Party Leaders Of Embezzling Mobilisation Funds Ahead Of Peter Obi's Visit To Plateau, North Central Nigeria pic.twitter.com/2Itx1mUlkS — Sahara Reporters (@SaharaReporters) January 20, 2023  Reacting to this, Simon Ekpa, a self-proclaimed disciple of Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People Of Biafra(IPOB) tackled Peter Obi for sharing money to mobilise people to his rally. He said, “Where did @PeterObi get the money he is sharing? Oooh it is contribution from internet fraudsters fighting to retain terrorist state called Nigeria. Look at them, sharing the money & someone didn’t pay them yet. Aru melu.” Renting crowds for campaign rallies has been one of the ugly highlights of Nigeria’s election season as political parties desperately try to win the support of largely impoverished Nigerians. For instance, SaharaReporters earlier reported how a commercial motorcycle rider in Kwara State narrated how they were allegedly promised N3,000 to attend the ruling All Progressives Congress presidential campaign in Ilorin, the state capital on Tuesday. According to a video obtained by SaharaReporters on Wednesday, the yet-to-be-identified man said all the commercial drivers, consisting of tricycle riders, motorcyclists, and taxi drivers were mandated to attend the rally by their respective bodies. “From what I heard, any person that goes there will be given N3,000. And this is for the members, I don't know of the executives. So, if they give us (the members) N3,000, definitely the money (released by Tinubu) is urging (sic),” the man said in the video seen by SaharaReporters. However, Omoyele Sowore, the presidential candidate of the African Action Congress did not adopt a rally system like other presidential candidates, saying the typical structure used to determine the strength of a contestant in the Nigerian political environment was transactional and did not really represent the true wish of the people.