Business Recorder reports that the penalty follows a 390 million euro fine for Meta-owned media platforms Instagram and Facebook two weeks ago after they were found to have flouted the same EU rules. Ireland's regulator on Thursday announced that Meta, a social media giant owned by one of the world’s richest men, Mark Zuckerberg, has reportedly bagged an additional 5.5 million euros ($5.9 million) fine for breaching the European Union (EU) data protection regulations by its instant messaging platform WhatsApp.  Business Recorder reports that the penalty follows a 390 million euro fine for Meta-owned media platforms Instagram and Facebook two weeks ago after they were found to have flouted the same EU rules.  The Irish Data Protection Commission (DPC) in its new decision said in a statement that it found the group acted “in breach of its obligations in relation to transparency.”  The DPC added that in addition, Meta relied on an incorrect legal basis “for its processing of personal data for the purposes of service improvement and security,” and therefore gave the group six months to bring its data operations into compliance.  It was reported that the breaches are similar to those explained in the regulator’s action against Meta earlier in January, but the earlier decision also accused the Meta platforms of breaking rules over the processing of personal data for the purpose of targeted advertising.  In that instance, the company, co-founded by social media magnate Zuckerberg, was given only three months to respond to comply with the Irish regulator.  The report stated that Meta announced its intention to appeal the January 4 decision, adding that the regulatory ruling did not prevent targeted or personalised advertising.  Meanwhile, the DPC said its more recent fine was considerably less because of a 225 million euro fine imposed on WhatsApp “for breaches of this and other transparency obligations over the same period of time”.  It was noted that Thursday’s WhatsApp fine was also far lower because it did not relate to targeted advertising; as the Irish regulator had fined Meta 405 million euros in September 2022 for failures in handling the data of minors, and 265 million euros in November 2022 for not sufficiently protecting users’ data.  This latest round of fines follows the adoption of three binding decisions by the European Data Protection Board (EDPB), the EU’s data protection regulator, in early December 2022.  It was reported that the Vienna-based privacy group NOYB, which brought the three complaints against Meta, had accused the social media behemoth of reinterpreting consent as a civil law contract, which stopped users from refusing targeted advertising.  According to the Business Recorder’s report, in October 2021, the Irish authority had proposed a draft decision that validated the legal basis used by the group and suggested a fine of up to 36 million euros for Facebook and up to 23 million euros for Instagram, over their lack of transparency. The company has been ravaged by a global advertising slump and stagnating user numbers. Meta in November 2022 reportedly said that it would axe more than 11,000 staff after profits more than halved to $4.4 billion in the third quarter.