Lauding the bank for its investment in Nigeria, the President cited strides in the agricultural sector regarding food security systems, capacity building, and integrated infrastructure projects. President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja said the issues affecting one African country also affect others, especially security. The president noted that cooperation was hence needed and this was “clearly demonstrated in our fight against the tyranny of terrorists that have spread across the entire West African sub-region, and beginning to emerge in our sister countries in some parts of East and Central Africa.” According to a statement signed by the President’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, Buhari spoke at State House, Abuja, while granting audience to the Director General of the Arab Bank for Economic Development, Dr Sid Ould Tah. The statement is titled “The nexus between peace and development by President Buhari as he receives DG Arab Bank for economic development.” Buhari observed that the issues that affect one nation also affect others, and “this has been clearly demonstrated in our fight against the tyranny of terrorists that have spread across the entire West African sub-region, and beginning to emerge in our sister countries in some parts of East and Central Africa.” He described the work of the Arab Bank for Economic Development as “very critical, and, indeed, a major catalyst and tool for achieving our overall objective as leaders on the continent.” Lauding the bank for its investment in Nigeria, the President cited strides in the agricultural sector regarding food security systems, capacity building, and integrated infrastructure projects. He said the key focus of his regime had been security, economy, and anti-corruption. According to him, the three are critical “towards achieving our overall development objective not just as a country, but more importantly as a continent.” The President noted that focus on agriculture and infrastructure allowed Nigeria to be resilient during the last two global economic and public health crises. Therefore, he urged the Arab Bank for Economic Development to review the amount of capital it can inject into various economies, “as this would lead to greater impact as we stare at the various issues that would confront our economies.” The Borno State Governor, Prof Babagana Zulum, who had interfaced with the bank at its headquarters, thanked the President for ensuring the improvement of security in the North East. He said, “We now get grants for livestock farming, gum Arabic production, infrastructure, and I believe Nigeria will still have more opportunities from the Arab Bank for Economic Development.” Dr Ould Tah congratulated Buhari for his award on peace strengthening at the just concluded Africa Peace Conference in Mauritania, saying it testifies to his efforts in promoting amity in Nigeria and Africa.