SaharaReporters had done several reports on how the twist of fate and share providence brought the stolen girl after 20 years to her biological parents in a shop owned by her parents. The National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) has arrested one Mrs. Mariatha Chidinma Agulanna for allegedly stealing 20-year-old girl identified as Juliet from her biological parents, Professor Michael and Gloria Okwudili, immediately after her birth. SaharaReporters had done several reports on how the twist of fate and share providence brought the stolen girl after 20 years to her biological parents in a shop owned by her parents. It had been reported that Mrs Chidinma Agulanna, had ignored several invitations of the anti-human trafficking agency, which summoned her following a petition against her role in the steeling and trafficking of now 20-year-old girl from her biological mother in a hospital where she was delivered in Enugu to Imo State. Meanwhile, an inside source told SaharaReporters on Monday that Mrs Chidinma Agulanna was eventually picked up in her residence at Thinkers Corner, Enugu State, in the early hours of last Friday morning after several weeks of evading arrest. A reliable source in the NAPTIP told SaharaReporters that the arrest of the woman was sequel to a petition to the agency by the biological parents of the girl, Professor and Lady Michael Okwudili, a native of Ogbunike in Oyi local government area of Anambra State. The source, however, noted that Mrs Agulanna had volunteered statement and she was aiding the agency's investigation on her roles in the alleged abduction. SaharaReporters had also reported that Nigerian Police Force has launched investigation into the circumstances surrounding the paternity of Juliet. It had reported that sequel to the new reality and mysterious exposure of secret of 20 years, the foster parents of Juliet, a student of Alex Ekwume Federal University, Ikwo, Ebonyi State, petitioned the Force Intelligent and Investigation Department (FIID) of the Nigeria Police Force against the Okwudilis. Mrs. Mariatha, Chidinma Agulanna in the petition, claimed that Okwudilis were inciting people against her, accusing her of stealing their child at birth and her data, including changing the date of her birth. After the investigating police operatives from the Force Headquarters had collected N1.1 million from the family, the police stalled the investigation, leading to the Okwudilis petitioning NAPTIP for intervention. 