The driver of the truck attempted to run away after the incident but was apprehended. A truck with failed brakes has killed a Nigerian Air Force officer LCPL Giselle Nanpon and injured one other officer, LCPL Yahaya Ayuba in Ilorin, Kwara State.  It was gathered that Nanpon was crushed to death on Tuesday by the truck, while Ayuba sustained a spinal cord injury in the accident that occurred in the Eyenkorin area, a suburb of Ilorin, the state capital.  “The officers were on duty when the truck crushed one of the Air Force officers and critically injured another one after its brakes failed as it was approaching the air force checkpoint.  “The driver of the truck attempted to run away after the incident but was apprehended,” an eyewitness told The Punch.  Meanwhile, in a letter of sympathy signed by his chief press secretary, Rafiu Ajakaye, the state governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, described the incident as "tragic and painful".  The governor regretted the death of the officer and injury to the other.  The statement said, “Kwara State Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq has commiserated with the authorities of the Nigerian Air Force on the death of LCPL Goselle Nanpon who was killed by a truck driver at a security point in Ilorin, Kwara State.  “My heartfelt condolences go to the highest echelon of the Nigerian Air Force and to the families affected. It was indeed a regrettable tragedy and one occupational hazard too many.  “That incident again underpins the need for citizens to show due respect to the security operatives for the weight of sacrifices they make in the course of keeping our country safe. We truly appreciate them and regret the huge loss of an officer and a serious injury to the other.”  “A state government delegation is being dispatched to visit the families of the officers as a mark of respect for their service and sacrifices. We pray the Almighty God to grant speedy recovery to the injured officer and repose the soul of LCPL Goselle Nanpon and comfort his family,” the statement added.