He added that if the governors eventually supported Peter Obi, it would not make Labour Party defeat the ruling party at the 2023 polls. The All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council has said that any presidential candidate endorsed by the aggrieved governors of the Peoples Democratic Party, so long it is not Atiku Abubakar, will ultimately favour Bola Tinubu, the APC presidential candidate, in the 2023 general elections. Festus Keyamo, the spokesman for the APC campaign organisation mentioned this during Tuesday’s Politics Today on Channels TV. The governors who have tagged themselves G-5 governors include Governors Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, Samuel Ortom of Benue State, Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State and Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State. According to him, the withdrawal of the aggrieved governors from the PDP presidential campaign is to the advantage of APC. He added that if the governors eventually supported Peter Obi, it would not make Labour Party defeat the ruling party at the 2023 polls. He said, “No. look. I want all Nigerians to know this including the APC supporters. We want to address our base. Either way G-5 goes, it’s a win-win situation for the APC because this G-5 is a component of the PDP. It is a strong component of the PDP. “They are Governors of the PDP. If they go to PDP, win-win; if they go to Peter Obi, win-win. Anywhere they go, except Atiku is a win for us. Because the votes that they are taking to Labour party will not give Labour Party victory.” SaharaReporters had also reported that Akin Osuntokun, the newly appointed Director-General of the Labour Party Presidential Campaign Council, stated that he would be happy if the five disgruntled governors on the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) platform eventually supported his principal, Peter Obi, ahead of the 2023 presidential election. Osuntokun stated this during an interview with SaharaReporters last Thursday. When asked if Labour Party was talking to Governor Wike and his camp to solicit their support for Obi, Osuntokun said, “It is only my principal that can talk about that. At my level, I don’t know anything about it.”  However, he disclosed that he would be glad if the G5 eventually chose to work with his party.