SaharaReporters reported a few days ago that joint security operatives arrested a female suspected member of the ESN in Imo State. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has distanced itself from the female executioner arrested by the Nigerian Army who was alleged to be a member of the Eastern Security Network (ESN), an arm-carrying unit of IPOB. SaharaReporters reported a few days ago that joint security operatives arrested a female suspected member of the ESN in Imo State. The suspect identified as Amaka Onah, reportedly confessed to have killed five people so far.   Reacting to the reported arrest of the female executioner, IPOB in a statement by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, described the arrest as a "latest Nollywood movie," saying that the female executioner was neither its member nor member of its security arm, ESN. IPOB said that "From the so-called confessional statement of the purported female executioner, she claimed to have joined ESN four months ago shows that she was handed over a very poor script because IPOB stopped the recruitment of ESN operatives since 2020 before our leader formally inaugurated ESN in December 2020." According to IPOB "After the inauguration, there hasn't been any recruitment of new ESN operatives since that inauguration in 2020. IPOB has announced several times via Radio Biafra, press releases and other media outlets that IPOB has stopped recruitment of new operatives into ESN." Powerful stated that "As the Media and Publicity Secretary of IPOB, I have written several press releases informing the public and who may be concerned that ESN does not have any camp in Enugu Ezike. "Moreso, Mazi Chinasa Nworu, in more than one of his Radio Biafra programmes anchored by Mazi Chinedu Jonathan, publicly said that ESN has no camp in the same Enugu Ezike, in Enugu State. "If for the sake of argument any camp does exist in this locality then that must be one of those camps set up by the Nigerian government collaborators to carry out the evil bidding of the same Nigerian government with the sole objective to blackmail IPOB as in this ludicrous instance of a so called female executioner. The people of Igboeze North and South know very well that IPOB has no base in their locality. "The caricature of the so-called female executioner, if it's real, shows clearly that the girl is working with the Nigerian government collaborators to impersonate ESN in Enugu Ezike. A cursory observation of the female in question with her hair style tells discerning minds all they need to know. "IPOB repudiates every attempt by the Nigerian government through their sponsored collaborators. The Nigerian government should know by now that IPOB can neither be blackmailed or intimidated by the Nollywood movies they are acting, because they are very predictable and we know their game plans even before they execute them. "We have always maintained that ESN created by the IPOB Leader doesn't get involved in any form of crime. They are disciplined and dedicated men and women who volunteered to safeguard our land against marauding, invading fulani terrorists in our forests and farmlands. They protect our people and do not harm them." 