The praise Peter Obi and the Labour Party are receiving, according to the minister, is merely contextual and won't help them win the election. A spokesman for the Tinubu/Shettima Campaign Organisation, Festus Keyamo has said he is ready to stake anything precious to him on the failure of the Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi in the 2023 election.  Former Lagos governor, Bola Tinubu is the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress while his running mate is former Borno governor, Kashim Shettima.  The minister of state for labour and employment, who doubles as the spokesperson for the APC Presidential Campaign Council, stated this during Tuesday night's live episode of Politics Today on Channel TV, asserting that the Labour Party lacks the structure necessary to guarantee their victory in the 2023 presidential election.   The praise Peter Obi and the Labour Party are receiving, according to the minister, is merely contextual and won't help them win the election.   He said, “The praise we are having for the Labour Party is a contextual kind of praise. It is not a kind of praise that they will use to win the election. It is not the type of praise, the type of hype that is contextual in the sense that this is a young party and they are doing well than we expected. It is not that people expect them to win.  “I can bet with anything that is precious to me on earth that the Labour Party will not win. I can tell you and I am that confident.  “Flip it to the other way round; APC wakes up tomorrow morning, they lose the support of all 21 governors. They don’t have any governors supporting them, they don’t have senators, and they can only fill only 30% of senatorial seats. That is what the Labour Party has been able to do about senatorial seats and the House of Reps seats."  “They don’t have representatives for about 70% of the seats, flip it to us and say that happened to us, APC. That elder statesmen are the only ones endorsing us, PA (Ayo) Adebanjo, (Olusegun) Obasanjo, Edwin Clark. And that is the only supporters APC wakes up to see on the ground. People will say we have failed as a party. People will say APC has failed,” he added.