Soludo also reiterated to provide surety for Kanu and advised the federal government to follow court order and grant him unconditional release or to grant him administrative bail. The Governor of Anambra State, Charles Soludo, has insisted that the release of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, is needed for the peace and security of the South-East region. Soludo said this during an interview on Channels TV, adding that Kanu was needed for the 2023 general elections to hold in the South-East. “We have instituted a commission of enquiry to be able to unravel the remote and immediate causes of insecurity and agitation in the South-East but these are not enough there’s someone who’s critical in this conversation; we need him around the table because we also believe this is also coming from this part of the country where we hear about their agitation. “This tells us that they are also concerned for the prosperity of the South-East but we can’t have sustainable prosperity if we don’t have sustainable security and to have that sustainable security we need the critical forces around the table and that’s why I will continue to push on this and I want to believe that other leaders of the South-East and all men of good and all women of goodwill in Nigeria will join in this call because we want the South-East to be part of this election and to prosper, we need Nnamdi Kanu.” Soludo also reiterated to provide surety for Kanu and advised the federal government to follow court order and grant him unconditional release or to grant him administrative bail. “We need to be serious and get into this conversation, we want this election to go peacefully in the South-East, we want everybody to participate, we want peace and security to return we want long term transformation of this place for us to become very secured and prosperous component of Nigeria but you need all the stakeholders around the table now. “I thank the president for his assistance to the security agencies with what they call the kinetic approach, the force, the shooting, the military, all the armed forces and the security forces and they have been doing great job in helping us but we need to bring this thing to a sustainable conclusion. We need to discuss this security the way and manner that brings the end; we can’t continue; shooting is one way of solving it, the non-kinetic approach is what will also compliment this and we want this thing to be fast tracked. “And my request is in two forms; either grant him unconditional release as per the court judgement or if that’s unbecoming and there are other circumstances or reasons why he’s being held, grant him administrative bail and I’m prepared to provide a surety, I will keep him here, I will host him here at the governor’s lodge and to provide him whenever he’s required. I think this should be very straightforward to all of us and I want to believe and I know that the president is concerned about the security of the South-East. “We have met with the service chiefs; everybody expressed their concern about the security of the South-East and everybody should be interested now in how we bring this to some conclusion; that’s why I made this call.” He also added that the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, would receive the letter of surety in a few days. “He will receive that letter in a few days’ time and I’m very serious about this because it’s not just something personal; it’s not Chukwuma Charles Soludo, it’s not about me or governance it’s about the lives, security and prosperity of the entire South-East.”