Some of the police officers who spoke with SaharaReporters said they receive their salaries from the Police Microfinance Bank two to three days after other banks have paid their colleagues. Some personnel of the Nigeria Police Force across the country who receive their salaries through the Nigeria Police Microfinance Bank (NPFMFB) have lamented that the bank releases their salaries much later after their colleagues have received theirs.  Some of the police officers who spoke with SaharaReporters said they receive their salaries from the Police Microfinance Bank two to three days after other banks have paid their colleagues.  For instance, one of the affected police officers who spoke on condition of anonymity said that while their colleagues who receive their salaries through other commercial banks were paid their December 2022 salaries before Christmas Day – the 25th, they received theirs from the police microfinance bank after Christmas Day.  “All police collecting salary through that bank get paid two to three days later after other banks have paid others.  “For example, for last month's salary, many banks paid before Christmas but NPFMFB paid after Christmas. I have been banking with them since 2013. I usually receive my salary two days later after other colleagues from other banks have received theirs.  “We have been complaining but they refused to change and we don't know the cause of the bank's delay of our salary for almost 10 years now, that they can’t resolve the problem.  “Let the authorities know what we are passing through in the hands of the Nigeria Police Microfinance Bank. We want to be paid with other banks together,” he said.  Meanwhile, when contacted, a manager of one of the Nigeria Police Microfinance Bank in the country who spoke on the condition of anonymity admitted that the bank through its branches across the country pays police officers two or three days after other banks have paid other officers.  The manager, however, explained that there is always a delay because the Police Microfinance Bank does not receive police salaries directly from the federal government, but rather, through the commercial banks which in turn send the money to them after receiving from the government.  According to him, for the December 2022 salaries, commercial banks received the money from the government on December 21, which was a Wednesday, before sending it to the Police Microfinance Bank across the country on December 22 which was a Thursday. He noted that the NPFMFB started payment on December 23 which was already Friday.  The manager however said that despite the fact that NPFMFB pays two to three days after other banks have paid, the affected officers ought not to complain “because their payment still comes within 30 days.” 