According to the former Lagos governor, Obi will deny all the promises he has made to them the way the Biblical Peter denied Jesus Christ before the cock crowed three times.  The presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, has asked the people of Anambra State to cast their votes for him and not his Labour Party (LP) counterpart, Peter Obi, in the forthcoming 2023 election. Speaking at his presidential campaign rally at Ekwueme Square, Awka, the Anambra State capital on Tuesday, Tinubu said Anambra people should not vote for Obi because he cannot keep his promises. According to the former Lagos governor, Obi will deny all the promises he has made to them the way the Biblical Peter denied Jesus Christ before the cock crowed three times. Tinubu said he wondered how a man who was allegedly happy to keep people at home and not work, thereby allowing them to suffer, can be voted for. He added that he (Tinubu) did not close any market or kill anybody, describing himself as a smart person and a doer. He said, “I’m not afraid of anybody and I don’t worry. The man who left here, he calls himself Peter Obi. We read in the Bible that before the cock crows three times, he will deny Jesus Christ. Before cock crows, he denied. So how can he keep a promise to you? He who cannot keep a promise to God. “How can a man be happy to keep people at home, no working and make them suffer? “Before you want to prove a point, has Bola Tinubu not proved a point? Did I close any market? Did I kill anybody? It means I am smart, I’m a bender, I’m a doer. I even tamed the Atlantic.” Tinubu also called the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, a liar, saying, “When Atiku says 'walai talai', it means lie – lie and they have forgotten the red line by not knowing that you are hard-working, that you can turn the state into an industrial revolution.” According to the former Lagos State governor, the former Vice President lies about everything. “They lied about industrialisation when they shared your access among themselves and they called it privatisation and Atiku says he is the candidate of the North and that is a lie because what he has done is to divide the North,” he said. 