A pro-labour civil society movement, Joint Action Front (JAF) has warned Nigerians, especially workers, youths and vulnerable people not to hope for any radical change in the country regardless of who wins the February 25 presidential election.  JAF in a statement issued on Tuesday which was signed by its Secretary, Comrade Abiodun Aremu, said the 2023 general elections will not deliver the kind of change posited, because the leading political parties and their candidates are looters.  JAF lamented the absence of a mass workers’ party armed with pro-people programmes and policies  It maintained that the Labour Party which has been endorsed by the leadership of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and the Trade Union Congress (TUC) does not have pro-worker programmes and policies.  It said, "In our view, the endorsement by the NLC and TUC of the LP and the so-called worker-candidates of bourgeois political parties like the Peoples Democratic Party and All Progressives Congress is a mistaken approach that will not deliver for the working masses a government that will genuinely rule in the class interest of the working people and the poor masses."  Citing events leading to the 2015 general elections, which favoured the APC, JAF described the government of Muhammadu Buhari as a disaster. It noted that it should serve as a cardinal lesson for the working people as they vote in the elections.  The statement reads, "So bad is the situation today that there is almost a consensus that the outgoing government is a complete and embarrassing failure."  Economically, the government has forced the majority of the working people into frightful levels of impoverishment due to its anti-poor and pro-capitalist economic policies that include privatization, retrenchment, poor wage, nonpayment of salaries and allowances, hike in fuel prices, electricity tariff and cost of public education and healthcare.  "So, the masses cannot and should not place their trust in any capitalist politician but instead should gird their loins to commence preparations for a serious mass struggle to resist attacks and anti-poor policies that from all indications will be intensified after the election, and for system change, as the only way to guarantee a future for Nigeria."  It added, "JAF stands for the formation and building of a mass workers party armed with socialist programmes and policies as the only way to ensure that the working masses have their own independent political party that stands unambiguously for their class interest.  "Regardless of what happens in the 2023 general elections, building such a party is the next most important step for the working masses of Nigeria. We hereby call on all genuine activists, radical groups, trade unions and pro-working people organizations to join forces with JAF in the quest to build such a mass workers' party now as we prepare for mass resistance!"