He also handed over the party structure in the state to Mrs Dayo Ekong as the new chairman. The chairman of the Labour Party in Lagos State, Kayode Salako has resigned. He also handed over the party structure in the state to Mrs Dayo Ekong as the new chairman. Meanwhile, Salako has been elevated to the position of Special Adviser on Lagos Affairs and Liaison operations to the National Chairman of the party, Comrade Julius Abure. In his handover speech at the Stakeholders’ meeting on Tuesday in Lagos, he said he cannot be a mole in the political party he is contesting and that the party made him not the All Progressives Congress (APC). The outgoing chairman described himself as sincere and honest, adding that the party asked him not to go when he wanted, Tribune reports. “I can’t be a mole in a political party I am contesting. I am so grateful that Labour Party made me not APC for the many years I was with them. “When I wanted to go, Labour Party said I can’t go and they elevated me. I am a sincere human being. I don’t deceive and I don’t cheat. It is where I am going that I am going. I came to the party to look for how it can be better for me. “I cannot continue to run the affairs of the party because I am also one of the contestants. I have to hand over. This is the structure we have built for months. The greatest asset any politician can have is the structure,” he said. Speaking also, the new chairman assured party members of an all-inclusive administration, urging all members to support one another for the set goals of winning at the state level and also at the federal level. She, therefore, expressed optimism of victory, beseeching everyone to sheath swords and speak with one voice. Ekong acknowledged that the position is a huge responsibility but assured discharging her duties within the laws of the constitution. In 2022, a support group of the Labour Party and its presidential candidate, Peter Obi accused Salako of working against the party in the state. The group, which identifies as Peter Obi Grassroots Mobilization 2023 Movement alleged that he was working for Bola Tinubu, presidential candidate of the ruling APC in Lagos State. It added that Salako must be rooted out of Labour Party. “Labour Party Chairman in Lagos Kayode Salako is working for Tinubu. We must root him out of the party,” the group had said.