She was transported in a commercial tricycle, popularly called 'Keke Napep' and later moved to a bus where other kidnapped victims were kept. A Nigerian woman identified as Sodiq Rukayat has narrated how she escaped from a group of suspected ritual killers, who abducted her alongside her 9-month-old baby for ritual purposes in Lagos. Rukayat was abducted on Thursday, opposite a hospital at Olasalami Street in the Igando area of Lagos State, she narrated to SaharaReporters. She was transported in a commercial tricycle, popularly called 'Keke Napep' and later moved to a bus where other kidnapped victims were kept, before being transported to their destination. She said they were half-unconscious so they knew what was happening around them but could not raise the alarm. She said the kidnappers threatened to kill her because she was crying loudly. However, she was released along with her baby at Mile 2, as the baby's cry made them uncomfortable and afraid of being exposed. Her phone was handed over to her and she was given N100 to recharge it, so as to contact her family. She said, "On Tuesday, I went to the clinic to get immunisation for my child at Olasalami in Igando. When I was done in the hospital, I stood outside to take a bike. Suddenly a commercial tricycle parked in my front and ordered me to enter. I declined; I told the man that I wanted to take a bike because Keke (tricycle) cannot get to where I was going. "The man insisted that I should enter; that was the last thing I could remember. The tricycle immediately turned and took me away, along with two others that were already inside. "As we were going, they moved us into a commercial bus painted in the Lagos colours, where we met many people sleeping. Immediately we entered the bus, my 9-month-old baby started crying. They asked me to remove my headscarf; they collected my earrings and all my belongings. "They also collected my baby from me and covered her mouth with a handkerchief in a bid to stop her from crying, but all was to no avail. Then they threatened to kill my baby. "A lady among them suggested that they should drop my baby before they would be exposed because of her cry. She said there is a sign on the child's body while a guy responded that they should drop me along to prevent the baby from being an orphan. "They dropped me with my baby somewhere that I don't even know. They gave me back my phone and N100 to recharge my phone so as to contact my family. "I was there for a while, just holding my baby. After a while, I bought a recharge card and called my husband who told me to ask people where I was. That's how I found out I was in Mile 2. My husband’s friend later came around to pick me up," she added. SaharaReporters gathered that the kidnap attempt has been reported to the police.