Meanwhile some kinsmen of Ihedioha have thrown their weight behind Senator Samuel Anyanwu as their candidate for the 2023 Imo governorship election. A former Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives and former Imo State governor, Emeka Ihedioha, who was sacked by the Supreme Court in 2020 had returned to contest for the state governorship election coming up later this year. Meanwhile some kinsmen of Ihedioha have thrown their weight behind Senator Samuel Anyanwu as their candidate for the 2023 Imo governorship election. The Mbaise nation comprising Aboh, Ahiazu and Ezinihitte Mbaise LGAs on Friday passed a vote of confidence on Anyanwu, who is also the National Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party. The Imo governorship election will take place on November 6, 2023. The PDP lost the position on January 14, 2020, when the Supreme Court sacked Emeka Ihedioha, and declared Hope Uzodimma of the All Progressives Congress (APC) winner of the election. The battle for the PDP gubernatorial ticket for 2023 general elections is between Ihedioha and Anyanwu. Ihedioha is from Aboh Mbaise, Imo State, while Anyanwu who declared to run for Governor in the 2019 elections but lost to Ihedioha in the party primaries is from Obodo Amaimo, Ikeduru Local Government Area of the state. Confirming the confidence vote on Senator Anyanwu, former Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice in the state, Okey Aguwa (Okangaoziri) from Aboh Mbaise said that the decision followed verifiable records of achievement of the adoptee in Mbaise land when he represented Owerri Senatorial District at the Red Chambers. Aguwa maintained that in 2015 and 2019 respectively, the people of Mbaise nation supported their son and brother, Emeka Ihedioha, regretting however that the mandate given to him was allowed to slip off his palm. He told Mbaise people to rally round Senator Anyanwu having exhausted all necessary support for their son, expressing optimism that the candidature of the PDP National Secretary would guarantee easy victory for the party. Responding, Senator Samuel Anyanwu assured that 2023 remained a year the people of Imo State would be saved and recovered from insecurity, maladministration and starvation. 