The Pope added that "being homosexual is not a crime" but "it's a sin." The leader of the Catholics Church, Pope Francis on Wednesday called for an end to laws banning homosexuality, noting that “we are all children of God.” The Pope added that "being homosexual is not a crime" but "it's a sin." He made this known while speaking to the Associated Press, calling criminal restrictions on homosexuality "unjust," continuing that "it's not a crime." "Yes, but it's a sin," he said. "Fine, but first let's distinguish between a sin and a crime." While speaking from Vatican City, he then said it is "also a sin to lack charity with one another." "We are all children of God, and God loves us as we are and for the strength that each of us fights for our dignity," he said, adding religious leaders in the church "must" work to end laws discriminating against homosexuals. Dozens of countries around the globe have laws in place that criminalise homosexuality. In 67 countries, there are laws banning private, consensual, same-sex activity, according to the Human Dignity Trust. At least six of these implement the death penalty, the charity said. Francis acknowledged that Catholic bishops in some parts of the world support laws that criminalize homosexuality or discriminate against the LGBTQ community, and he himself referred to the issue in terms of “sin.” But he attributed such attitudes to cultural backgrounds, and said bishops in particular need to undergo a process of change to recognize the dignity of everyone. “These bishops have to have a process of conversion,” he said, adding that they should apply “tenderness, please, as God has for each one of us.” According to the report, some 67 countries or jurisdictions worldwide criminalise consensual same-sex sexual activity, 11 of which can or do impose the death penalty, according to The Human Dignity Trust, which works to end such laws. Experts say even where the laws are not enforced; they contribute to harassment, stigmatisation and violence against LGBTQ people. Gay rights activists had expressed fears about Nigeria's tightening of laws against homosexuals. The legislation, signed into law by the president without announcement, bans same-sex marriages, gay groups and shows of same-sex public affection. The new law recommends prison sentences of up to 10 years for anyone who participates in gay clubs or organisations and for same-sex couples who publicly show affection. "Any person who registers, operates or participates in gay clubs, societies and organisations or directly or indirectly makes public show of same-sex amorous relationship in Nigeria commits an offence and shall each be liable on conviction to a term of 10 years in prison," the Same-Sex Marriage Prohibition Act says.