According to a Social Justice Campaigner and Gender Rights activist, @A_mummyya, who disclosed information about Uchenna's death on Twitter, said the deceased was arrested alongside two others for fighting and were taken to Awkuzu Police Division. A teenage boy identified as Uchenna James Okafor, who was reportedly arrested for fighting in Awka, Anambra State capital has reportedly died in police detention in Akwuzu Police Division in the state.  According to a Social Justice Campaigner and Gender Rights activist, @A_mummyya, who disclosed information about Uchenna's death on Twitter, said the deceased was arrested alongside two others for fighting and were taken to Awkuzu Police Division.  The parents were asked to pay the sum of N50,000 each for their bail but when Uchenna's parents went to the police station last Tuesday, they were reportedly asked to return on Thursday as the IPO in charge of the case was not on duty. But upon their return on Thursday, they were told the young boy died on Wednesday night.  She said, "Three boys were arrested by @PoliceNG for fighting in Awka, then transferred to Awkuzu SARS. Their parents were made aware and they went to see them last week, they were told they had to pay for damages amounting to N150k.  "The parents are still running around for the money. One of them, Uchenna James Okafor, his parents saw him on Tuesday, 3rd January and tried to pay their 50k share and bail him but was asked to return on Thursday as the IPO doesn't work on Wednesday and wasn't available.  "They returned on Thursday to be told that their son died the night before.  "The claim is that he woke up at night and hit his head on the wall, they took him to hospital and he died. His parents were not called or informed and as at now they still have no access to his body.  "Again, @PoliceNG why is Awkuzu SARS still functional? Why are they still killing young people? How did James Uchenna Okafor die after seeing his parents the day before? What happened that night? Why wasn't the family informed? Where's his body? @Princemoye1 help us. Please!"  When contacted, the Anambra State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, told SaharaReporters that the case is under investigation.  "The case is under investigation, the IPO handling the case has been summoned and the command has equally invited the family of the victim.  "I am on the matter, and will brief you on the development, please."