Sowore who explained this while speaking on a programme “Oselu today” on Fresh FM, Ibadan, Oyo State, said other parties were transactional structures which were only established for stomach infrastructure. The Presidential Candidate of African Action Congress, Omoyele Sowore has explained how the ideologies of his party are different from other political parties in Nigeria. Sowore who explained this while speaking on a programme “Oselu today” on Fresh FM, Ibadan, Oyo State, said other parties were transactional structures which were only established for stomach infrastructure. The AAC flag bearer noted that one of the cardinal issues in the country is restructuring, adding that the “best way to restructure Nigeria is to first have a brand new constitution.” He said "It is based on ideology and based on personalities who are of convictions. People who have distinguished themselves radically, who believe Nigeria should not be run this way." "They come after four years to discuss elections in the neighborhood and when the transaction is over, they move on to only return after four years again. This hasn’t worked for the country. Therefore, AAC is different. “Politics should not be for political jobbers, those who see politics as a job to feed themselves to survive. Politicians should also have a dignified job. "As a politician, I am also a journalist and I've taught as a lecturer in two universities in New York, US.” “Restructuring is another aphorism for confusion. The best way to restructure Nigeria is to first have a brand new constitution. The constitution at hand wasn’t sovereign. If it was sovereign, the conference itself would have determined how the constitution would have been promulgated,” the AAC flag bearer added. Sowore said speaking on South-West’s outfit, Amotekun, when asked about his faith in the south-western security operatives, said he believed in any group of persons genuinely interested in the safety of the people and society at large. He however reiterated that on the other hand, the Amotekun officials must receive proper training. He stated that it had come to his attention that Amotekun had also been involved in police brutality. He continued: "Police reform is personal to me. I have been a victim of police brutality since my days in the university. To reform the police, the issue of police recruitment must be addressed. There is no regulation as to how the police are being recruited and the results are questionable characters and unqualified men in uniform. "People are continuing to lose hope in the democratic process. I believe it is up to Nigerians. It is up to the people listening to change the course of the country and if not, we will be here again complaining in a few years. Vote right. Vote wisely. Vote for Omoyele.” 