There have been controversies over the purchase of an Abuja property by Waziri and a developer, Mr Cecil Osakwe.   Documents from the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) have emerged to counter a false claim by a staff of Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation Limited, Asabe Waziri, over the purchase of a property located at 1, Mekong Close, Maitama, Abuja worth N130million. There have been controversies over the purchase of an Abuja property by Waziri and a developer, Mr Cecil Osakwe. SaharaReporters had reported that the NNPC staff had intended to purchase one unit of two bedroom flat from the developer, which was valued at N130 million but later resolved to purchase two units at N260 million. It was further gathered that Waziri paid N140 million for the purchase of the choice property. But due to the irreconcilable differences between the parties and coupled with the court order, Abbey Signature owned by Osakwe refunded the N140 million to Waziri with an additional N10 million, totalling N150 million refund. According to a judgement of Justice Othman Musa of a High Court of Justice of the Federal Capital Territory, sitting in Apo, in suit no. FCT/HC/CV/2435/2021, the court ordered Abeh Signature Limited to take possession of the property after it filed a suit against the NNPC staff, alleging breach of contract sales agreement. However, contrary to allegation by Waziri that the Managing Director of the company was holding unto her money after the court judgement, Osakwe, through his lawyer, Mr Victor Giwa, said a cheque of N150m was immediately issued in her name.   Copies of the cheques were also shared with SaharaReporters. According to Waziri, she entered into a contract to purchase two flats at Abeh Signature Apartments in Maitama but failed to meet the contractual agreements. Abeh Signature Limited had dragged her before the court alleging breach of contract agreement on the part of Waziri in the purchase of the apartments. Justice Musa of the court entered judgment in favour of the applicant as follows; "That having regard to sections 1, 14 and 15 of the Money laundering (Prohibition) Act and other relevant laws, the various payments made vide cash and sundry bank transfers made by the Defendant in favour of the claimant in respect of the contract for the purchase of two flats at Abeh Court is illegal and contrary to the aforementioned provisions of the money laundering laws. "That in view of the way and manner or mods of payments employed by the Defendant on the purchase of the two flats at Abeh Court belonging to the Claimant, same has rendered the contract for the purchase of the properties void for violating money laundering laws.  "That the Claimant was right in terminating the contract it had with the Defendant for the purchase of the two flats at Abeh Court and offering a refund of the money paid so far for being void due to the contravention of the Money Laundering Prohibition Act. "That in view of the termination of the contract for the purchase of the two flats at Abeh Court by the Claimant, the Defendant can no longer claim or exercise ownership over the said two flats. "Consequently, this Court order the Claimant to immediately refund the entire monies paid to it by the Defendant including the legal and agency fees and further orders the defendant to immediately handover possesson of the two flats being flats 3C and 38 of Abeh Court to the Claimant." Waziri in her claims recently accused Abeh Signatures of electricity theft. However, documents from Abuja Electricity Distribution Company showed that electricity bills were paid monthly by Abeh Signature Apartments. “Contrary to claims by Ms Waziri, monies were paid for the consumption of electricity in the apartments,” a source told SaharaReporters.  