The convener explained that the senatorial district comprises Keffi, Kokona, Nasarawa, Toto, and Karu local government areas of the state.  The Nasarawa State Transparency and Accountability for Good Governance Forum (NSTAGGF) has issued a two-week ultimatum to the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Abdullahi Adamu to account for the N2.2 billion reportedly allocated to the Nasarawa West Senatorial District in the 2020 National Assembly budget. The forum, in an open letter to Adamu which was signed by Alhaji Ibrahim Bashir, its Convener, recalled that Adamu had been a senator representing the Nasarawa West senatorial district in the National Assembly since 2011 until his emergence as the National Chairman of the APC. The convener explained that the senatorial district comprises Keffi, Kokona, Nasarawa, Toto, and Karu local government areas of the state. He listed the following as the 2020 budget breakdown of the constituency projects that were supposed to have been executed in the district: "The allocation of N500 million for the provision of motorized boreholes within the senatorial district. "The allocation of N120 million for the construction of rural roads from Shabu-Agwada junction to Barkinogi-Shabu. "The allocation of N500 million for the provision of farm inputs to farmers across the constituency. "The allocation of N300 million for the provision of solar-powered boreholes within Keffi and its environs. "The allocation of N500 million for the training and empowerment of youths and women in various agricultural value chains. "The allocation of N100 million for the provision of solar street lights across communities in Keffi. "The allocation of N200 million for the provision of agricultural equipment for farmers and the purchase of 150 horsepower to John Deer Tractors.” Bashir, therefore, advised the APC National Chairman to, "within two weeks, provide the detailed accountability (sic) of the funds to the constituents." He added, "Failure to provide the details of how the said amount was spent in the execution of such projects would amount to misappropriation. "As such the forum would not hesitate to invite both the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) to investigate him." The convener said the forum has been monitoring the implementation of budgetary expenditures across the 109 senatorial districts in the country, including Nasarawa West senatorial district. "We have discovered that there was a budgetary provision of N2.1 billion in the 2020 appropriation to Senator Abdullahi Adamu who represented the Nasarawa West senatorial district at the time. "An investigation conducted by the forum in the district revealed that there is no record of the implementation of the said constituency projects in the district. "As a watchdog for good governance, it is within our core mission to seek clarification from our leader who was entrusted with such humungous funds for the people of the district. "We are therefore giving him two weeks from now to make clarifications on how he spent the money or face the various anti-graft agencies for probe.” "We also advise other leaders who have been entrusted with leadership positions in the state to be accountable at all times,'' he added.