The AAC candidate stated this in a roundtable discussion with Punch Newspaper,a dding that politics was about “ideas, competence, relevance, pedigree and integrity.” The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore, has said that his ultimate objective for Nigeria and all Nigerians is total liberation. The AAC candidate stated this in a roundtable discussion with Punch Newspaper,a dding that politics was about “ideas, competence, relevance, pedigree and integrity.” “That is what I am here to do and not to use one of the sentiments that are frequently used in politics,” Sowore added. "We do ourselves serious injustices when we reduce very serious matters of life and death to people who have not demonstrated in any capacity or have background that shows they are able to pull this country out of the doldrums," he said. Sowore said the Nigerian press decided who to put at the frontline and they kept promoting them to such an extent that the people with the brightest idea hardly got a mention. "This is a race that should be about ideas, considering that Nigeria has failed consistently with the same set of people who pundits claim are at the frontline. "For you to be a frontliner in the academic sector, for example a professor, you must publish books to show that you are qualified, it is a criteria. Same thing ought to apply to the political sectors. "A person who has never passed any kind of test should not be regarded as a frontliner, but Nigerians have been manipulated to believe their worst should be their best," Sowore said. Speaking further, he said, “We have shown that we can speak to the issues, we have fresh ideas that nobody can fault. So why do you keep putting people who don't speak to any issue as the frontliners? So that when the whole thing collapses again, you will bring us to the frontlines of resistance, asking where is Sowore?” He recalled that when late human rights lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi ran in 2003, people opted for Obasanjo adding that "Gani would have governed the country better.” "The press got it wrong and it is a disservice to the Nigerian people and the nation to keep putting the people that we describe as the dregs of the society as its best hands," Sowore said. "The worst among us should not be picked to handle the most important position and then relegate the best to the less important position. The job of a president of a country is to fundamentally lead the country to progress and prosperity.” "Maybe my crime is because I did not delve into criminal wealth accumulation. I came here to build people and not to build houses for myself. It should never have happened that any citizen is restricted to any part of the country because not only that it is unconstitutional, it is criminal to allege that somebody committed a crime they didn't commit," he said this in a response to how he was restricted. Sowore said what kept him going was his ultimate goal for total liberation. "There is no alliance that is possible between light and darkness,” Sowore said in response to a question of his possible alliance with APC. "We are in alliance with PRP vanguard. We do not need the kind of alliance APC is looking for. Those are transactional alliances. "Ours is mostly ideological. We align with people who believe that this country must experience growth, development, peace, prosperity and progress, and it is also important that the personalities involved have stood the test of time. However, our first alliance is with the oppressed," he said. 