The group in a statement signed by its Director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, on Wednesday said that the mass exodus of Nigerian youths to other countries, the phenomenon which is now known as 'Japa' is a dangerous syndrome as Nigeria is better in many ways than those countries which seem attractive to the youth. An Islamic group, Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has warned Nigerian youths against a mass exodus to foreign countries across the world in search of a better life.  The group in a statement signed by its Director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, on Wednesday said that the mass exodus of Nigerian youths to other countries, the phenomenon which is now known as 'Japa' is a dangerous syndrome as Nigeria is better in many ways than those countries which seem attractive to the youth.  The group further warned Nigerians against condemning their country, adding that some Nigerians who have left the country for foreign countries like the UK, and France amongst others ended up jumping from frying pan to fire.  The group said, "We are greatly disturbed by what is now called the 'Japa' syndrome. This is a phenomenon that signifies a mass exodus of skilled men and women, particularly youth, from Nigeria to Europe and America for greener pastures. This practice is harmful to our country. It is escapist and cowardly.  "Oftentimes running away from your country ends up taking you from the frying pan into the fire. For instance, life in Britain, France and America is no longer all milk and honey it used to be. A recent assessment of economic conditions has proved this.  "A carton of Indomie which cost £6.99 by January 2022 skyrocketed to £14.99 in late December. A carton of onion which was only £10.99 in January 2022 jumped up to £14.99 in December. Gas bill that was a mere £45 in September became £118 in December while electricity bill climbed from £90 to £176.  "The political and economic turmoil which Britain went through around the same period speaks volumes about worsening conditions in advanced countries. It found Britain having five prime ministers in six years. David Cameron, Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak turned No. 10 Downing Street into the revolving door of a supermarket.  "Liz Truss spent just six weeks in office and she is the fourth prime minister to resign since the Brexit vote in 2016. It is left to be seen whether or not 43-year-old Rishi Sunak's magic wand will save Britain.  "But the same Britain is now planning a law to criminalise strikes in sensitive sectors like rail transport, health and education. If this happens in Nigeria they will call it dictatorship. But it is happening right now in one of the advanced democracies of the world.  "Nigerians should stop thinking low of their country. We may not have everything we need, no country does. But we have moved a great deal away from our pre-independence position and we have not done too badly.  "From only one university (University of Ibadan) at independence in 1960 to 170 universities today. We had no single polytechnic at independence but today we have 105 polytechnics and 100 colleges of education.  "The British left us at independence with just 200 medical doctors in the whole country but today even the University of Lagos alone produces 250 medical doctors annually. Overall we produce 12,000 doctors per annum. We had no single indigenous pilot in 1960 but now we can even boast of female pilots flying planes for international airlines in other countries.  "Though we had only one television station and one radio station at independence, we now have more than 200 functional television stations. Our radio stations are countless as even university campuses now set up their own radio stations. Nigeria now has five satellites in space. We do renal surgery, organ transplant, car manufacturing, etc."