The University had in December 2022 ordered the cessation of the practice of “water ritual’’ in the school, describing it as unwholesome and not academic. No fewer than four students of the University of Calabar in Cross River State have suspended over an unlawful act of “water ritual” on a fellow female student. The University had in December 2022 ordered the cessation of the practice of “water ritual’’ in the school, describing it as unwholesome and not academic. In the “water ritual”, students pour water sporadically on matriculating and graduating students as an “initiation rite.” The varsity’s Registrar, Mr Gabriel Egbe, stated in Calabar that the vice-chancellor, Prof. Florence Obi, ordered the cessation of the practice, which she said was no longer acceptable and constituted rights abuses. “The vice-chancellor has directed that the practice be discontinued against the backdrop of a viral video in which a female student was subjected to indignity at the last matriculation.” However, the Vice Chancellor of the University, Prof. Florence Obi on Saturday approved the suspension after identifying the students in a viral video and found culpable. The affected students include; Stephen Usen, an Accounting Department year four student, and Aniefiok Idorenyin, a year two student of Computer Science. Others are; Miracle Adeyemi, a year two student of Political Science, and Blessing Queen, a year four student of Genetics and Biotech. This was contained in a statement released and signed by Gabriel Egbe, Registrar of the institution on Saturday. The school noted that the unlawful act was carried out by the four students during the last matriculation ceremony of the institution on December 2, 2022. The statement reads in part; “Management deliberated extensively on the report of the committee on Gender-Based Violence and the strength of its findings and has accordingly directed the affected students to proceed on suspension with effect from the 2020/2021 academic session.” “Deans, Heads of Departments and other relevant officers of the university have been tasked with the duty of full compliance with the given directive,” Mr Egbe said. 