According to the statement, the public holiday was to enable workers within the state and local government workforce to receive the President.   The government of Katsina State, northwest Nigeria has declared Thursday and Friday, public holidays for the visit of President Muhammadu Buhari, who also hails from the state. Buhari, who would be in Katsina on Thursday and Friday, will inaugurate some projects executed by the administration of Governor Aminu Masari which is the main reason for the two-day public holiday. This was contained in statement issued on Wednesday, by the Permanent Secretary, state Ministry of Culture and Home Affairs, Alhaji Sani Kabomo. According to the statement, the public holiday was to enable workers within the state and local government workforce to receive the President. It is also coming at the time of the presidential campaign rally of Bola Tinubu, the APC presidential candidate. However, the state government said in the statement that the work free days would not affect workers within the Federal Civil Service, banks and essential service providers. It also requested the affected workers and the general public to come out en masse to welcome President Buhari and his entourage to Katsina State. Kabomo also advised people in the state to exhibit a high sense of decorum and traditional hospitality during the visit. SaharaReporters had exclusively reported how the Masari-led Katsina State Government has approved N499,650,000 for mobilisation of citizens to welcome President Buhari to the state for the APC presidential campaign.    According to the letter of approval obtained by SaharaReporters on Monday, dated January 18, 2023, addressed to Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs and signed by the Permanent Secretary in charge of the government house, the money is expected to be sourced from the Local Government Joint Account. “I am directed to refer to your letter No. S/MLGCA/GEN/259/C/IV of 17" January, 2023 and to convey the approval of His Excellency, the Governor for the release of N14,695,588.00 to each of the 34 LGCs totalling N499,650,000.00 (Four Hundred and Ninety Nine Million, Six Hundred and Fifty Thousand Naira Only) from the available balance of the 34 LGCs in the Local Government Joint Account to enable the LGCs to cater for adequate and effective mobilisation of citizens to receive Mr. President during an official visit to Katsina State from 26 to 27 January, 2023,” the letter signed by the Katsina Government House Permanent Secretary read.  