One locally made cut-to-size gun, three cartridges, one machete, one dagger, and native charms were among the items recovered by the police.  Bobo Ononibe, a suspected leader of a notorious armed robbery gang in Delta State has been killed by operatives of the Nigeria Police Force. Ononibe was reportedly killed in a gunfight with officers in the Unukpo-Orogun area of the state. The incident was confirmed in a statement issued on Tuesday by Bright Edafe, police spokesperson in Delta, noting that one of the robbers killed was among a notorious gang that had been on its (the command’s) wanted list over their involvement in a foiled robbery operation in June 2022. According to the statement, the gang engaged officers of the command, who were acting on a tip-off, in a gun duel and in the process one of the suspected robbers was hit and injured. He was said to be confirmed dead at the hospital. One locally made cut-to-size gun, three cartridges, one machete, one dagger, and native charms were among the items recovered by the police. The statement reads, "On 13/01/2023 at about 1645hrs, acting on a tip-off that some suspected notorious armed robbers who have been on the command's wanted list over their involvement in a foiled robbery operation on 23/06/2022 in Orogun community, were seen gathered within the Unukpo - Orogun palm tree plantation. "The DPO Orogun division in a proactive move to forestall another attack, mobilized and led police operatives to the area. As they were approaching the scene, the hoodlums opened fire on the Police which the police equally responded. "The hoodlums took to flight due to the superior police firepower of the Police but during the ensuing gun duel, the gang leader, one Bobo Ononibe ‘m’ aged 26yrs of Ufuoma Street, Unukpo - Orogun community, Ughelli North LGA,  sustained serious gunshot injuries, he was taken to the hospital where he was later certified dead by the doctor on duty. "One locally made cut-to-size gun, three (03) cartridges, one machete, one dagger, native charms among others were recovered. Efforts are on to arrest the fleeing members of the gang. "In another development, on 16/01/2023 at about 1125 hours, the DPO Agbarho Division received a distress call that some members of Ewherhe community Agbarho, Ughelli North LGA,  caught a suspected armed robber along Ewherhe/Ovu Road  with one locally made cut-to-size double barrel gun and one live cartridge, some suspected stolen items which include one iPhone 11 pro-max, one HP laptop, one mp3 player and cash sum of eight thousand two hundred and twenty naira (N8,220) and that the suspect was being mobbed. "The DPO detailed patrol teams to proceed, on getting to the scene, the mob escaped leaving the suspect badly beaten. Although the suspect was rescued and taken to the hospital, he died while receiving treatment. Investigation is ongoing. "The Commissioner of Police Delta State Command, CP Ari Muhammed Ali, FCIA, psc+ while applauding the gallantry of the operatives of Orogun division for their bravery, condemns jungle justice, and advised members of the public to desist from it. He noted that jungle justice is not the right thing to do, but to hand over suspects to the Police for diligent investigation and prosecution," the statement added. 