For instance, a Nigerian soldier was caught in an alleged robbery operation at phase one Estate in Kurudu, a suburb of the FCT during the week. The incidence of personnel of the Nigerian Army and Nigeria Air Force being caught for various crimes in recent times has increased in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, has caused concerns for the Nigerian military authorities. For instance, a Nigerian soldier was caught in an alleged robbery operation at phase one Estate in Kurudu, a suburb of the FCT during the week. Also, last Sunday, an Airman was also apprehended by some soldiers at PHDL Phase 5 Estate, Kurudu, while assisting two civilians to kidnap a resident of the estate. A military intelligence operative told PRNigeria that after the armed robbers attempted to infiltrate into PHDL phase one estate, Kurudu, through the nearby NAOWA College, troops of AHQ Gar deployed for guard duty in the school premises challenged the armed robbers upon sighting their movement in the dark. He said, “But the robbers opened fire on the guards who also returned fire, hitting one of the armed robbers on the shoulder while the other fled and escaped. “Own soldiers on guard at the PHDL phase one estate swiftly dashed under cover of darkness to the school to beef up the guards upon hearing gunshots. The armed robber who was hit had one X AK47 rifle, 26 rounds of 7.62mm (special), a knife, a black mask, and a mobile phone. “However, close observation of the robber confirmed that he is a soldier of the AHQ Gar Admin Bn currently on guard duty at a retired military General’s residence at Saidu Isa close, Katampe extension, Abuja.” On the airman involved in a foiled kidnapping operation, the military operative told PRNigeria that “the NAF personnel was apprehended by AHQ Gar soldiers on guard duty at PHDL Phase 5 estate, Kurudu in AMAC while assisting two civilians to kidnap a resident of house on Gen AB Dambazau Street in the estate. “Preliminary investigation confirmed that the Airman and his civilian accomplices stormed the victim’s house dressed in black suits, claiming they were DSS personnel. “The Airman led abductors immediately seized the mobile phones belonging to the victim and his wife including a laptop and ordered the victim into a waiting Ash-coloured Toyota tc saloon vehicle with Registration Number (ABUJA) ABJ 755 LD. “Following a tip-off by the victim’s wife who raised alarm as the abductors were zooming off, own soldiers on duty swiftly engaged the abductors in a pursuit using motorcycles and eventually apprehended the Airman and the vehicle with the assistance of passerby while his civilian accomplices fled and escaped. “The victim was rescued unharmed while the Airman is currently in custody of AHQ Gar Prov Gp for further action.”