She insisted that she decided not to repeat the same mistake by supporting Bola Tinubu, the APC presidential candidate, for the coming general elections.  A former campaign director of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Hajiya Naja'atu Muhammad has narrated how she supported President Muhammad Buhari blindly without any agenda. The former ruling party chieftain stated this during an interview session with Trust TV, alleging that Buhari had betrayed the trust most of his loyalists, including hers. She therefore insisted that she decided not to repeat the same mistake by supporting Bola Tinubu, the APC presidential candidate, for the coming general elections. She said, “I followed Buhari and millions of people followed Buhari because they thought he would change Nigeria for the better but we never gave him an agenda, we never gave him demands, we never had an agreement with him about what we want. So this time around we have to learn from experience. “Buhari discarded all of his followers, he discarded each and every one of us. None of us was taken to the Villa. And all the promises he made concerning corruption, security, agriculture and giving Nigerians an enabling environment, he didn’t fulfil it.” Naja'atu continued, “He is serving on the most corrupt government Nigeria has ever had, he pardoned some of the biggest thieves in Nigeria. You hear of billions stolen by a particular individual and the story goes under the carpet. “Right now we are hearing of trillions, so what is he saying? He gives directives and counter directives are given, he has failed us, he has failed on his promises. Having said that, if I make a mistake on Buhari, I cannot make another mistake on Asiwaju.” Hajia Mohammed resigned from the APC PCC last Saturday, stating that her conscience would not allow her to continue. She also claimed that the party's standard bearer, Bola Tinubu, was too sick and possibly suffering from Alzheimer's disease when she visited him in London some time ago. Reacting to this, Presidential Campaign Council of the ruling All Progressives Congress APC said that Naja’atu  was sacked for incompetence and for being a mole in its fold. 