The bomber detonated his suicide vest as some 150 worshipers - including many policemen from nearby police offices - were praying inside the mosque in Peshawar, northwest Pakistan. At least 25 people have been killed and 120 injured in a suicide bomb attack on a mosque during afternoon prayers in Pakistan on Monday. The bomber detonated his suicide vest as some 150 worshipers - including many policemen from nearby police offices - were praying inside the mosque in Peshawar, northwest Pakistan. The impact of the explosion collapsed the roof of the mosque, which caved in and injured many, according to Zafar Khan, a local police officer. No one immediately claimed responsibility for the bombing, said Saddique Khan, a senior police official in Peshawar who gave the latest casualty tolls, according to Daily Mail. However, Pakistani Taliban have been blamed for similar suicide attacks in the past. A survivor, 38-year-old police officer Meena Gul, said he was inside the mosque when the bomb went off but could not say how he survived unhurt. Gul said he heard cries and screams after the explosion. Efforts by rescuers to remove mounds of debris from the mosque grounds and get to worshippers still trapped under the rubble were ongoing, police said. Many of the injured persons were said to be in critical condition at a hospital. There are fears that the death toll could rise.  Prime Minister Shahbaz Sharif in a statement condemned the bombing and ordered authorities to ensure the best possible medical treatment for the victims.  He also vowed 'stern action' against those who were behind the attack. Former Prime Minister Imran Khan also condemned the bombing, calling it a 'terrorist suicide attack' in a tweet online. Peshawar is the capital of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province bordering Afghanistan and has been the scene of frequent militant attacks. The Pakistani Taliban, also known as Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan or TTP, are a separate group but also a close ally of the Afghan Taliban, who seized power in neighbouring Afghanistan in August 2021 as U.S. and NATO troops were in the final stages of their pullout from the country after 20 years of war. The TTP has waged an insurgency in Pakistan over the past 15 years, fighting for stricter enforcement of Islamic laws in the country, the release of their members who are in government custody and a reduction of the Pakistani military presence in the country's former tribal regions.