In a statement signed by its Chairman, Eruobami Ayobami and Director of Internal Affairs, Opeyemi Akinboni, the students’ body said the judgement is a coup against democracy. The National Association of University Students (NAUS), Campus Monitoring Committee in Osun State had faulted the resolution of the over-voting question in the election tribunal ruling in favour of former Governor, Gboyega Oyetola. In a statement signed by its Chairman, Eruobami Ayobami and Director of Internal Affairs, Opeyemi Akinboni, the students’ body said the judgement is a coup against democracy. The statement read, “It’s no more a breaking news as the judgement of the Tribunal Court has affirmed and declared former Governor Gboyega Oyetola as the Winner Of the July 16, Osun State Election. We can categorically boldly say that the verdict is against the will of the entire students and good people of Osun State. “It’s important we all note that, court cannot arbitrarily decide which votes count or not and then impose a winner on people based on the remaining votes. “The judgement is against the people of Osun State and it’s a coup against democracy that will not only be challenged but resisted. “As Nigerian Students in Osun State, we want to reaffirm our stand against any individual or decision that’s not for justice and equity and we would not hesitate to come out en mass to protest against such act. “The leadership of NAUS Osun axis Is committed to defending rights of Nigerian students at all times as well promoting peace and support for justice prevalence.” Meanwhile, Adesina Adeleke aka Sina Rambo, son of the Osun State Governor, Ademola Adeleke, has insisted that his father will remain in office as the governor. He said this via his Instagram Story on Friday. “Two judgments issued today at the tribunal. One in favour of PDP. Nothing changed. Sen. Ademola Adeleke remains the governor of Osun State. We move to the appeal court. Peace be still. “The mandate of Osun will not be stolen. H.E. Ademola Adeleke remains the Governor of Osun state.” Justice Tetsea Kume had on Friday sacked Adeleke and declared Gboyega Oyetola of the All Progressives Congress as the winner of the governorship election. The judge ruled that electoral body, INEC did not comply substantially with the constitution and the provisions of the Electoral Act. He subsequently deducted the over-voting observed from the votes scored by the candidates and declared that Oyetola won the election, having polled 314, 921, while Adeleke’s score came down to 290, 266. He had directed INEC to withdraw Adeleke’s certificate of return and issue another one to Oyetola who won a majority of the lawful votes. 