Prince Andrew is the third child and second son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and a younger brother of King Charles III. He is eighth in the line of succession to the British throne, and the first person in the line who is not a descendant of the reigning monarch. Prince Harry has publicly condemned Prince Andrew, the Duke of York over the Jeffrey Epstein affair, making him the first member of the royal family to do so. Prince Andrew is the third child and second son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and a younger brother of King Charles III. He is eighth in the line of succession to the British throne, and the first person in the line who is not a descendant of the reigning monarch. Prince Harry described the controversy surrounding his uncle as "a shameful scandal" in his memoir, Spare, which goes on sale on Tuesday, The Telegraph reports. Despite being accused of 'sex crimes,' the Duke of Sussex claimed his security was removed while Prince Andrew's was not. In 2022, Prince Andrew settled a lawsuit against Harry from Virginia Giuffre, an American woman who alleged that she was trafficked by Epstein, a friend of Prince Andrew's, and that Harry had twice sexually assaulted her. The terms of the settlement were not disclosed, and Prince Andrew has consistently denied the allegations and has refused to accept any liability as part of the settlement. Meanwhile, in his book, Prince Harry talked about his security plans with his wife, Meghan. The couple has been embroiled in a personal security dispute with the Royal family and the government. They had one time stopped working as royals and moved to North America, which made them no longer entitled to the security provided to the Royal family. In Spare, Prince Harry wrote about their decision to move to Canada and described discussing with Meghan the security provided by the Royal Family. He said it was an "obligation" and an "implicit promise" to protect them, but his wife asked him whether it would ever be removed.   "Never. Not in this climate of hate. And not after what happened to my mother," he told her. He continued:  "Also, not in the wake of my Uncle Andrew. Despite being embroiled in a shameful scandal, accused of sexually assaulting a young girl, no one had even suggested removing his security. "People have had plenty of reasons to complain about us, sex crimes weren't one of them." No other member of the Royal family has publicly commented on Prince Andrew. He can no longer use his HRH title and has lost his military titles, in a similar arrangement to Prince Harry after he ceased to be a working royal. The security of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle has been a major point of contention in their feud with the Royal family. SaharaReporters earlier reported that Harry was reportedly written out of the script for his father King Charles’ coronation. While he is still invited to the May 6 event, the Duke of Sussex will “play no role” at the ceremony, sources have said. The act of royal dukes kneeling before the King has been scrapped by Charles, with only Prince William now required to pledge allegiance.