Albert is also the Young Progressives Party (YPP) gubernatorial candidate in the state. Family members of Imoh Isang, the murdered Chief Protocol Officer to the Senator representing Akwa Ibom North West, Obong Bassey Albert wants his death thoroughly investigated. Albert is also the Young Progressives Party (YPP) gubernatorial candidate in the state.  Some gunmen terrorising South East Nigeria had in October 2022 allegedly killed Isang who had been on an assignment for his boss. Also killed by the gunmen was the Senator’s escort commander, Inspector Linus Odey.  Speaking to SaharaReporters, a relative to Isang countered security operatives’ claim that the duo were killed by members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB). He further called for an inquest into the death of his brother. “All I want is justice. My brother should not die in vain. Those involved must be brought to book. Our brother did not deserve to die that way. Pointing accusing fingers at IPOB for his death was only meant to divert attention away from the real masterminds. The Inspector General of Police, the Department of State Services DG, Chief of Army Staff should help investigate the incident thoroughly,” the brother of the deceased told SaharaReporters.  A friend of the deceased added that many holes were picked in the account of the sad incident as presented by the senator during Imoh's funeral. “The ruggedness of Imoh was expressed even in the incident that led to his demise. There were five inside the car, and I can tell you, it is a miracle that the other three survived. Anybody who sees that car cannot imagine if anybody could come out of it. But three survived because of Imoh. “Even in his pain, he was the one who left his side with bullet wounds and went to the other side of the car and then pulled the other three out, and all he could say was; you guys should run into the bush; don't die with me,” Albert had said during his burial. However, the friend of the deceased said, “He said there were 5 people on that journey, but three survived, how come there was never any mention of three survivors or their names when the story initially broke? Were these survivors affected by the attack? Were they shot as well? “As explained by our distinguished senator, the other three were unhurt, how come it was his aide who was shot that came to open the car door for the three who were not and asked them to run into the bush? “He claimed the vehicle was so badly damaged that it was a miracle that the other three survived, but a close scrutiny of the video of the incident that was released then showed the contrary. The vehicle's body did not look as if it was riddled with bullets, only the windows were down. “Another question is; who drove the vehicle to the scene of the incident, was it Imoh? At what point were those three survivors pulled out by Imoh? Was the vehicle inside the mud, because the late Imoh could be seen writhing in pain in muddy waters? We want these questions answered.” The relative also revealed that the family had produced a video documentary that it intended to share with relevant authorities and the general public to draw attention to the matter as well as ensure it was not swept under the carpet. IPOB had recently alleged it was not behind killings, arson and other criminal activities going on in the South-East region. According to the group in a statement by its spokesperson, Emma Powerful, politicians created the unrest in the zone using thugs they recruited to implicate it and its security arm, the Eastern Security Network. 