Sowore also said that he would make sure that those who killed innocent Nigerians and deprived them of their bright future would pay accordingly for their crimes.  The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore, has vowed to probe all the past Nigerians leaders who looted the country's treasury while in office. Sowore, who said this in a Twitter post on Saturday said that if elected the president of Nigeria in the forthcoming general elections, he would retrieve every penny stolen by the former leaders. According to the #RevolutionNow convener, if Nigeria could retrieve stolen money from the late former Head of State, General Sani Abacha who was dead and buried, it was not impossible to retrieve stolen money from those he described as living legendary thieves. Sowore also said that he would make sure that those who killed innocent Nigerians and deprived them of their bright future would pay accordingly for their crimes. "As President of Nigeria, I will probe and retrieve every penny stolen by past Nigerian rulers, those who've murdered innocents and deprived them of a bright future. "If we could be retrieving money from dead and buried Sani Abacha, we should retrieve from living legendary thieves," he said on Twitter Sowore had last October assured that he would change the 1999 constitution to reflect the yearnings and aspirations of Nigerians, while describing the current constitution as a fraudulent document. He had also promised to abolish the nation's Upper legislative chamber, as Nigeria was poor to keep running bicameral Legislative arms. "If you asked me, we will abolish the Senate because we don't need bicameral legislative arms. We cannot afford it, but that means we have to change our constitution." Sowore, who expressed strong support for a restructured Nigeria where issues of national questions would be addressed permanently, said "I have also said that those who are asking for restructuring are also asking for a lot of things to change in the constitution." He added, "As soon as we win, we go to a constitutional Conference where we change Nigerian constitution" and we would subject it to referendum. Let Nigerians adopt a new constitution because the constitution as it is now is a fraudulent document created by the military. We didn't create it but they put our name there and our signature - we the people of Nigeria. We are not there when they created this fraudulent constitution." The AAC presidential candidate had also through his, campaign spokesman, Onyinye-Gandhi Chukwunyere, stated that the AAC would launch an ambitious national infrastructure development programme to tackle “looming economic collapse.” In a statement, the Sowore campaign had categorically stated, “Our party and our presidential candidate, Omoyele Sowore, have carefully drawn up transformative programmes intended to decisively pull the country from the brink and administer it for the security and prosperity of our people. “First, we intend to tackle the looming economic collapse by launching the most ambitious national infrastructure development programme since independence. This will immediately put millions of our people back to work, earning a decent wage while building the foundations of our new economy. “We’ll cleanse the rot in the power sector and light up Nigeria. Providing constant electricity will stimulate other productive forces within the economy while also unleashing the creative potential of our people. The direct effect will be unprecedented economic growth, poverty reduction, and a measurable rise in living standards. “We’ll leverage technology to drive the economy and spur growth in all sectors. We’ll immediately improve access to funding for small businesses, and also take immediate steps to strengthen local manufacturing so that we can produce most of what we use. “We’ll drive a technological revolution in Agriculture to enhance output, attain food sufficiency, and improve the farm-to-factory model so that we can retain more value by exporting finished products instead of raw materials. We’ll eradicate hunger from our land.” 