SaharaReporters had reported how Edema filed a lawsuit against Ogala for alleged defamation. An actress, Doris Ogala says she has yet to be served the court process in the ‘purported’ suit on defamation of character filed against her by a female cleric, Prophetess Happy Omotowhe Edema. SaharaReporters had reported how Edema filed a lawsuit against Ogala for alleged defamation. In a suit filed at the Federal Capital Territory High Court, Abuja, Edema also demanded N1 billion as aggravated and exemplary damages for alleged libel from the defendant. She also accused the actress of sharing doctored nude videos of her after she pulled out of a case involving one Ruth Matthew, who had accused the founder of Christ Mercy Land Church in Warri, Delta State, Prophet Jeremiah Fufeyin, of kidnapping her child. “However what then followed was a defamatory voice note send vide Whatsapp to the plaintiff phone by defendant and also sent by the defendant to a certain blogger with name as Chantel Adebayo Isikhueme, wherein the above defendant alongside the blogger in the course of her daily Facebook broadcasts on Chantel Kev TV, the defendant voice note defaming the plaintiff character in this regards was played to the hearing of more than fifty persons watching,” the court document seen by SaharaReporters read. “That the defendant defamatory Facebook broadcasting pictures, and the defendant voice note of the above Facebook video and the defendant voice note above was uploaded in flash drive and cd room and shall be tendered at hearing of this case, which is herein pleaded.” Reacting in a statement by her lawyer, Ogala said she would respond accordingly on the receipt of the said court process. She also described the female cleric as an “invader, gold-digger, self-seeking and relevance-sought individual.” The statement read, “The attention of our Chambers has been drawn to a purported suit on Defamation of Character filed against our Client (DORIS OGALA) by one Prophetess Happiness Edema and we respond as follows: “That our Client has not been served the said court process; “That our Client is earnestly waiting for the service of the said writ of summons as purportedly filed; “That on the receipt of the said Court processes, our Client shall surely respond accordingly. “Pursuant to the above, we therefore appeal to the teeming fans and supporters of our Client (who are greatly concerned), members of the public, family and friends of our Client to be calm and hold their peace as this Chambers is ready and prepared to defend the interest and name of our Client against any invader, gold-digger, self-seeking and relevance-sought individual. “We shall continually keep you informed on any step of the way in this matter.”