Ohakim narrowly escaped death as gunmen rained bullets on his vehicle in the Ehime Mbano Local Government Area of the state.  President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday reportedly approved surveillance equipment for Imo State Government to tackle killings, abductions and other crimes in the state. This comes after the killing of four policemen in the convoy of a former governor of the state, Chief Ikedi Ohakim on Monday. Ohakim narrowly escaped death as gunmen rained bullets on his vehicle in the Ehime Mbano Local Government Area of the state. However, the state governor Hope Uzodinma who met with President Muhammadu Buhari behind closed doors at the Presidential Villa on Tuesday, said he had secured presidential approval for some security surveillance equipment for the state. The governor during the visit also thanked Buhari for his support since he assumed office, following the Supreme Court verdict that favoured him by sacking his predecessor, Emeka Ihedioha and putting Uzodinma in office. He said, “I made an appeal to the President for further support, especially to support us with some technological deployments, we have planned to be able to do an advanced kind of security control in the South East. And he has also given his approval to that.  “Any moment from now, we’ll be getting some surveillance equipment and some modern technologies that will help us manage security so that we can fight crime with little or no collateral damage to the environment.  “I came on behalf of my people, to also thank Mr President for the various supports he gave to us during this period of security challenges and the support he’s also given to us in terms of the various approval.” “The approval to convert Federal Medical Centre, Owerri to a University Teaching Hospital for the Federal University of Technology, the approval that converted Alvan Ikoku College of Education to a federal college of education,” he said. He also thanked Buhari’s administration for the progress on the Second Niger Bridge. 