IPOB said that Ohizu’s killing was “a premeditated action by sponsored criminals whose agenda is to blackmail the Biafra struggle.” The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has said that Chris Ohizu, Chairman of Ideato North Local Government Area of Imo State was brutally beheaded by sponsored criminals operating in the region to blackmail the actualisation of Biafra Nation. IPOB in a statement by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, while condemning Ohizu’s barbaric killing, said that though the assailants distanced themselves from IPOB and its armed security group, the Eastern Security Network (ESN), the group is worried over the numerous sponsored killings, kidnappings, and illegal abductions of civilians in the South-East. IPOB said that Ohizu’s killing was “a premeditated action by sponsored criminals whose agenda is to blackmail the Biafra struggle.” “The political gladiators and thugs who took it upon themselves to make Imo State ungovernable for their selfish political ambitions will soon become more irrelevant in the political space of Imo State.” On the issue of no election in the South-East allegedly threatened by the Biafra agitators, IPOB said, “We are warning the criminals shouting "no election in Biafra land" while abducting and killing people in Igboland to know that they are not speaking for Biafrans nor are they representing the interest of IPOB or the Biafran struggle. “Those contracted by politicians to increase insecurity and make Igboland a killing field are not working for Biafra freedom. Only fools will see the deaths of Biafrans as a means to achieve Biafra freedom. “Those contracted to carry out such barbarism and criminal activities against our people in the name of "No election in Biafra Land" are doing so to their own peril. “IPOB is on a divine mission to restore Biafra, not by killing our people or killing innocent people. Our mission is to restore Biafra through peaceful means while defending our forest and bushes from foreign invaders who want to destroy us from within. “Any attempt by hired criminals and political thugs to make the Biafra struggle unattractive will be resisted. The Nigerian government is already tired of the stage managing movies of fake ESN Operatives. It is possible that they can use some Igbo born criminals to continue their blackmail against the Biafra struggle.” “IPOB is not responsible for the brutal murder of Mr Chris Ohizu of Ideato North sole administrator. It's irresponsible of the military to link IPOB into the heinous crime because they hated IPOB members and Nnamdi Kanu. “If Nigeria security agencies are fed up with securing our land, they should excuse themselves, and we will call on our ESN operatives to come out from the bushes to protect our people. ESN has succeeded in dislodging the threat from Fulani terrorists masquerading as herdsmen in our bushes and forests. “It's time to come out and defend our people and their properties in our towns and villages because the Nigerian Army, Police and DSS have failed to protect our territory. IPOB will not continue to watch while the contracted criminals and murderous groups keep killing our people in cold blood and in a gruesome manner.”