The PDP youths movement according to a release on Tuesday noted that Ikonne displayed his frail health status at the Abia State PDP Campaign Kick-off at Umuahia on November 24 from where he was taken for treatment and had since not returned. The Peoples Democratic Party National Youth Movement has warned the national leadership of the party to reconsider the “failing health” of Prof Uchenna Ikonne, the Abia State PDP Governorship candidate and find a replacement for him. The PDP youths movement according to a release on Tuesday noted that Ikonne displayed his frail health status at the Abia State PDP Campaign Kick-off at Umuahia on November 24 from where he was taken for treatment and had since not returned. In the release signed by Salahudeen Lukman, President, Gbe Benjamin Orduen, National Secretary and Elekwachi Joshua, Coordinator, South East Zone, the PDP youths said Ikonne who had been under “intensive care abroad and his inability to recuperate in the past 60 days” confirmed talks that he was not a suitable candidate. The PDP youths said, “The quarterly report of our Election Campaign Monitoring Committee of our Movement headed by National Director of Planning and Strategy from Abia State, South East Nigeria reveals this subject matter, presented to us as a case study today, hence our open call for immediate action by our party National Leadership and all well meaning stakeholders of the PDP in the South East and most critical, Abia State. “It's no longer news that the defection of Mr Peter Obi from our great party PDP to become the Presidential standard bearer of Labour Party has significantly threatened our usual bloc votes from the South East. It therefore means that the little strong hold we have in the South East such as Abia and Enugu states, must be jealously managed and protected. “This synopsis has informed our decision to make an open call for an expedited action on the Abia State matter, by our party leadership both at the state and national levels. “It's time to sacrifice for PDP's victory which shall mark our collective success at the 2023 polls. “The unfortunate incident of collapse on health ground of Prof Uchenna Ikonne, the Abia State PDP Governorship candidate on the occasion of Abia State PDP Campaign Kick off at Umuahia on 24th November, 2022 and since then he has not returned, seen or sighted in any forum, be it public or private gathering, calls for urgent action.” “The credible alternative before our party remains the substitution of Runner up of the PDP Abia State Gubernatorial Primary Election as consensus candidate to replace the ailing Prof Uchenna Ikonne. “This became very sacrosanct and imperatively important to enable the good people of Abia and PDP members in Abia state continue to stand with our great party. “Any attempt to impose or continue foisting on them a proven incapacitated individual as Gubernatorial candidate will amount to deliberate ridicule,  insensitivity and gross wickedness on the state despite their long time loyalty and firm support and believe in our great party since inception of the 4th republic in 1999,” the PDP members added. 