The coalition alleged that there were plots to use state apparatus to sabotage the forthcoming elections.  A coalition of civil society organisations under the aegis of Alliance for Democratic Sustenance (ADS), has asked Nigerians and international community to hold President Muhammadu Buhari responsible should anything go wrong in the forthcoming 2023 general elections. The coalition alleged that there were plots to use state apparatus to sabotage the forthcoming elections. The coalition which comprised of 19 pro-democracy civil society organisations in a statement signed by its convener, Mallam Yusuf Bulama, said that its alarm became imperative following funding of schemes by some “unscrupulous elements” to impede the general elections because some of the key actors in the ongoing plot lost out during their party’s primary elections. According to ADS, the arrow heads of the alleged plot are aiming to influence the polls for their preferred candidate and should that fail, an obnoxious agenda in collaboration with some state actors will be deployed to give their candidate the presidency. The coalition added that top military officers and other security operatives were part of the conspiracy and therefore warned that if President Buhari failed to move fast to forestall the grand plan, his reputation would be completely soiled. Part of the statement made available to SaharaReporters read, “We have impeccable information from highly placed and reliable sources of a clandestine meeting between the Chief of Army Staff, and other powerful and influential former military Generals and other highly placed persons aimed at truncating the democratic transition to another democratically elected government in the country.” “Our findings indicate that the meeting exhaustively deliberated on the transition and general elections. It considered plans to disrupt the elections and give room for a military takeover of the government should elections fail to favour their candidate. It considered plans to infiltrate INEC and get wiling tools which will assist them carry out their heinous plans. “The nocturnal meeting deliberated on every possible means to frustrate the elections and cause confusion in the polity that will create room for their plans to hijack the system. The plan is to make sure elections do not hold or are not successful and cause a constitutional crisis leading to the handover of power to the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, should the military coup fail. “We call on the government of president Buhari to decisively investigate the activities of the Chief of Army Staff and the secret meetings he has held with the aforementioned to frustrate the 2023 general elections. Mr. President should overhaul the security around him and expunge those posted to serve as spies around the villa. “The international community should be aware of enemies of the country working to destabilise the nation’s democracy. Nigerians must be alert to the antics of these former generals and their collaborators in the military.” 