SaharaReporters earlier reported that the Emirate Council premised Kirfi's removal on what it described as disloyalty and disrespect toward the state governor. The reason Bauchi Emirate Council sacked Alhaji Muhammadu Bello Kirfi as a council member and Wazirin Bauchi has reportedly emerged.  SaharaReporters earlier reported that the Emirate Council premised Kirfi's removal on what it described as disloyalty and disrespect toward the state governor.  “I am directed to refer to a letter received from the Ministry of Local Government Affairs with reference No: MLG/LG/S/72/T dated 30th December, 2022. The content of the said letter indicated your disloyalty and disrespect to the Executive Governor of the state and the government. It is therefore directed for your removal with immediate effect.  “In view of the above, you are hereby removed from office as Wazirin Bauchi and also as a council member of Bauchi Emirate. I wish you the best in all your future endeavours," the sack letter signed by the secretary of the emirate council, Alhaji Shehu Mudi Muhammad, read.  But according to Daily Trust, sources said Kirfi's sacking was politically motivated.  In 2017, the Emirate Council removed Kirfi as Wazirin Bauchi but reinstated him on August 5, 2020, reportedly through the help of the state governor, Bala Mohammed.  According to reports, Kirfi held a stakeholders’ meeting at his residence in Bauchi last week where he reportedly directed his lieutenants, drawn from across the state, to mobilise for the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Atiku Abubakar only.  Daily Trust quoted an anonymous source in Kirfi’s family as saying that the crisis started in 2022 when the state governor indicated an interest in contesting the presidential election under the PDP and consulted Kirfi but Kirfi reportedly advised him to shelve his ambition and allow Atiku to contest for the ticket.  According to the source, the governor was not pleased with Kirfi's advice, therefore, their relationship became frosty.  The source added that during Kirfi’s meeting with stakeholders from the 20 local government areas of the state in December 2022, he told them he had not made up his mind on whom to support for the governorship election in the state.  “He asked the stakeholders to vote for Atiku in the presidency and he was asked to give direction on the governorship election, he said he has not decided,” the source was quoted as saying.  It was revealed that Kirfi is one of the major gladiators in the PDP in Bauchi State and is said to have played a key role in the election of the state governor in 2019.  And because of his contribution to the governor's victory in 2019, it was gathered that Bala rewarded him by appointing his son, Barrister Yakubu Bello Kirfi as Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General of the state.  Meanwhile, when Kirfi's son, Yakubu was dropped from the cabinet, the governor appointed Kirfi’s daughter, Saadatu Bello Kirfi as Commissioner for Cooperatives, Small and Medium Enterprises Development.  But SaharaReporters on Wednesday reported that following Kirfi's removal as Waziri Bauchi, the daughter, Saadatu resigned from the cabinet.  Saadatu's resignation was contained in a letter dated January 4, 2023 and addressed to Governor Mohammed through the Secretary to the State Government (SSG).  Titled "Letter of Resignation," she wrote: “Your Excellency, I wish to humbly tender my resignation as a member, Bauchi State Executive Council and Hon. Commissioner Ministry of Cooperatives and SMEs Development, Bauchi State with immediate effect.  “I wish to thank His Excellency the Executive Governor for giving me the opportunity to serve my State under your Administration."  Similarly, the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Hassanu Yunusa Guyaba, resigned on Wednesday.  Also, it was gathered that the Deputy State Chairman of the PDP, Bala Hadith, also resigned.