SaharaReporters learnt that both passenger and cargo handling activities were disrupted at the Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos when the NAHCO workers protested.  The management of Nigerian Aviation Handling Company Plc has described a strike action by the leadership of the National Union of Air Transport Employees (NUATE) and Air Transport Services Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (ATSSSAN) as illegal and an affront and disobedience to a lawful court order restraining the action. SaharaReporters reported earlier that air passengers were stranded as Nigerian Aviation workers protested over the poor condition of service and the failure of the management of the NAHCO to increase their salaries. It had been reported that the protest caused disruptions with international flights heavily affected. SaharaReporters learnt that both passenger and cargo handling activities were disrupted at the Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos when the NAHCO workers protested. There were crowds at the passenger check-in counters as flight operations were suspended for the airlines that are serviced by the company. "Passengers are stranded at the Lagos airport as aviation union protests over salary increment. "NAHCO staff members are the ones protesting and international flights are heavily affected; they are all stuck at the airport," a source told SaharaReporters on Monday. However, the management of NAHCO in an Internal Memorandum, to staff dated 20th January 2023 which was signed by the Executive Director, Business & Corporate Services, Dr. Olusola Obabori, said that there's a subsisting court order restraining the proposed industrial action. Obabori, however, warned that any staff member taking steps contrary to the Enrolled Order of the court would be disciplined. In the memorandum with the subject: "Notice of Strike Action," the management said it was not aware of the notice of strike action dated January 16, 2023, and circulated to its members by the leadership of NUATE and ATSSSAN. The company stated that it had taken steps to engage the leadership of the two unions for negotiations on salary review, but noted that engagements ended in a deadlock. The memorandum partly read: "To avert the attendant outcome of the proposed strike action if embarked upon, the Management of NAHCO approached the National Industrial Court of Nigeria, in suit No: NICN/LA/18/2023. Upon hearing a motion brought before it by our external counsels, the court made orders including, but not limited to the following: "An interim injunction restraining the NUATE & ATSSSAN from embarking on scheduled strike action on 23rd January 2023 and issuing further directives to its member on the strike action, pending the hearing and determination of the motion on notice for interlocutory injunction. "An adjournment of the matter to 15th February 2023 for the hearing of the motion on notice for interlocutory injunction." It added, "Further to the above, members of staff are urged to report at their duty post on Monday, 23rd January 2023, and beyond, without fear of intimidation from any quarters, while the Unions are to abide by the Court decision and seek the path of peaceful negotiation accordingly. "Any staff taking steps contrary to the Enrolled Order of the Court in Suit No: NICN/LA/18/2023 shall be put through the disciplinary process accordingly. "Kindly be assured that the Management is committed to the best of staff welfare, and the issue of salary review will receive due attention as previously communicated to the Unions." Also, in another letter to the Regional Manager, South-West, Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria, Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos, titled: "Proposed Strike Action by NUATE & ATSSSAN –Notification of Interim Injunction," the management of NAHCO said it was committed to the best of staff welfare and open to having further negotiations with the unions to resolve the issue. It also commended the mediation of the airport authority on the matter while assuring its commitment to a safe and secure aviation operational environment. The letter was also copied to "the Commissioner of Police MMIA; Director, DSS MMIA ; Director DSS Hajj & Cargo; ACOS MMIA; Hajj & Cargo Terminal Manager (LOS); The Military Airport Commandant (LOS); National Union of Air Transport Employees (NUATE); and Air Transport Services Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (ATSSSAN)." 