It was discovered that the workers were informed via email that they could begin working remotely as of Wednesday at 5 pm because the company was accused of not paying its rent at the office, which serves as the company's Asian headquarters. The staff of Twitter in the Singapore Branch have been ordered to start working from home over an alleged failure of the company to renew its rent within the required, Bloomberg has reported. It was discovered that the workers were informed via email that they could begin working remotely as of Wednesday at 5 pm because the company was accused of not paying its rent at the office, which serves as the company's Asian headquarters. It was further reported that staff who remained after the deadline were escorted out by the company’s landlords. However, it was later gathered that the CEO of the company, Mr Elon Musk was said to have paid the rent due and staff were told to return to the office.  Meanwhile, other Twitter offices around the world are either closing or in the process of being wound down as owner Elon Musk concentrates on cost-cutting. Twitter suffered a loss of $221 million (£181 million) in 2021, the last year for which public financial statements are available. After Mr. Musk purchased Twitter for $44 billion in October of last year, he reportedly ordered thousands of layoffs worldwide, leaving its Piccadilly, central London office empty. The social media company is estimated to have lost 5,000 employees as a result of layoffs and resignations, 3,700 of whom were let go in November.  More than 40 UK staff are now threatening legal action against Twitter, branding the company’s actions “unlawful” in a letter seen by the Telegraph. They allege the company sacked them without going through legally-required consultation processes. Ever since he bought the company, Mr. Musk has been concerned about Twitter's financial situation. Numerous layoffs and office closings have coexisted with reports that major advertisers have abandoned the website after content moderators were fired and the number of spoof accounts increased. The sale of blue ticks to Twitter users for $8 per month, one of the billionaire's signature policies, caused an explosion in the number of fake accounts in November and December. Twitter used to publicly verify the legitimacy of an account by awarding blue ticks.