He said Achimugu was not a media aide to Atiku but a member of Atiku’s support group which had no mandate from Atiku.  The Atiku Abubakar/Ifeanyi Okowa Presidential Campaign Council has dismissed allegations made by Michael Achimugu, a former media aide of the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Atiku Abubakar. Dino Melaye, spokesperson for the council, stated this during an interview on Channels TV on Monday adding that Achimugu was being sponsored by the Presidential candidate of the All Progressive Congress, Bola Tinubu, to distract Nigerians. He said Achimugu was not a media aide to Atiku but a member of Atiku’s support group which had no mandate from Atiku. “Festus Keyamo corroborated the lies of Mike and that has given us the foundation of where Mike stated from. Mike is being sponsored by APC, Mike is being sponsored by Bola Ahmed Tinubu. That is why they are doing a follow up to a project they started with Mike, Mike is not a media aide of Atiku Abubakar, the letters he brought online and he produced and which shamelessly, myopically Festus is referring to are letters from support groups, that do not have the mandate of Atiku. “It is not part of our presidential campaign council and those letters were written by those who have no close official administrative time with Atiku and surprisingly only in Nigeria will people be reacting to this type of frivolous and unfounded stories. “It’s a very a laughable press conference and this has completely shown the desperation of the APC; this has shown their satanic manifestation, this has shown they have all accepted Atiku is the leading presidential candidate of the federal republic of Nigeria. They have no other credible means of campaigning or trying to fight the PDP than to orchestrate lies from the pit of hell.” “I don’t take Panadol for another man’s headache, I want to assure you that the man making this allegations has more than three cases in court already for blackmail, he has a case against Alhaji Aminu from Kogi State who he blackmailed to collecting money rom, he has a case that’s popular on Facebook and everywhere on the social media against a woman that he defrauded, so I want to announce to you that either myself or the PDP as a party after today will not react to any question coming from this blackmailer.” Melaye also accused Tinubu of being convicted criminal, a drug lord who has a lot of petitions against him in the EFCC and ICPC unlike Atiku who is the most investigated Nigerian with no indictment. He added that Tinubu should apologise to Nigerians and withdraw from the presidential race because of his health issues. 