The President said Nigerians should be grateful that the country is still united. Buhari noted this while receiving executive members of the Catholic Bishops’ Conference of Nigeria (CBCN) at the State House, Abuja. President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday urged Nigerians not to forget that more than a million people died for Nigeria to survive. The President said Nigerians should be grateful that the country is still united. Buhari noted this while receiving executive members of the Catholic Bishops’ Conference of Nigeria (CBCN) at the State House, Abuja. According to Buhari, so much has been sacrificed in the past to unite the country. He said some of the challenges faced in the past, which include coups and counter-coups, and civil war, had prepared the nation for survival. The President added that he had been part of Nigeria’s history since 1967, fighting in the civil war, serving as governor, minister, Head of State, Chairman of Petroleum Trust Fund, and contesting presidential elections in 2003, 2007 and 2011, before winning in 2015, Daily Trust reports. “We thank God that Nigeria is still one,” he said. “We should not forget that more than a million died for the nation to survive.”  “We should thank God, and we should reflect on these things and thank God more,” he added. Buhari described the Boko Haram insurgency as a fraudulent plot to destroy Nigeria, faulting the ideology of the terrorist group which considers education or the search for knowledge as a sin. He said the gains recorded in the security sector would be further consolidated so that more attention would be given to the economy, before the end of the tenure of his administration on May 29, 2023. He said; “I am very grateful for your visit to the Presidential Villa, and I agree with you on some of the observations you have made. The question of insecurity is most important to us because unless a country or institution is at peace, it will be difficult to manage.  “I just came back from Adamawa and Yobe states. During the visit to both states, I listened carefully to what the people and officials had to say. And they all said the situation had improved since 2015, especially in Borno State.”  “Boko Haram was just fraudulent and a plot to destroy Nigeria. You can’t say people should not learn; the people need to grow intellectually,” he added.  President Buhari, in a statement issued by his spokesman, Femi Adesina, told the Catholic Bishops that the government would continue to rebuild infrastructure in parts of the country affected by terrorist attacks. “Some people have acknowledged the difference. We are credible, that’s why the countries and institutions agreed to support our development with the loans. "Destruction of oil facilities slowed the generation of revenues, and the government would be harder on saboteurs. “If you look at the economy, we are trying hard to rely more on ourselves. Nigerians rely more on agriculture for livelihood, and we are putting in our best to enable more people and diversify,” the President said.