The PDP candidate vowed to rescue and rebuild the state. The Peoples Democratic Party in Zamfara State has described Governor Bello Matawalle’s administration as a monumental failure in terms of security, economy, education and infrastructural development.  The governorship candidate of the party, Dauda Lawal stated this on Tuesday at the commencement of his campaign in the Kauran Namoda Local Government Area in the state.  The PDP candidate vowed to rescue and rebuild the state. He urged the electorate to come out en masse and vote out the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) during the presidential and governorship elections.  He assured the supporters that if he becomes the state governor, the security of lives and property would be the priority of his administration.  He also reaffirmed that his government would create solid foundations for Zamfara's economic growth and drastically reduce hunger by helping more families put food on their tables.  The PDP candidate condemned Governor Matawalle’s administration, describing it as a government of failure.  He said: “We are here today to flag off our governorship campaign in Kauran Namoda Local Government Area, as part of our mission to rescue and rebuild Zamfara State.  “We are alarmed that the security of lives and property of the people of Zamfara is no longer guaranteed under the present APC government as a result of leadership incompetence and mismanagement of the state’s affairs.  “I have good plans for the people of Zamfara State, and that is the reason why I want to use this opportunity to unveil my manifesto that has six smart agendas: agenda on education, security, food security, agriculture, economy, healthcare, and empowerment.  “The manifesto has provided information on how my administration would bring sustainable policies that will make everyone in Zamfara the right to an improved standard of living, adequate life for the health and well-being of everyone, including the elimination of hunger and poverty.  “Most importantly, my administration will provide the people of Zamfara with a stable state and the security our people deserve. With sincerity of purpose, political will, and determination, we will reverse the backwards trajectory of our state. I believe my administration will make this a reality.”  Earlier, the Director-General of the Zamfara PDP Campaign Council, Iqra Aliyu Bilbis, urged the people of the state not to repeat the mistake of voting for APC, saying that Governor Matawalle’s incompetence is second to none.  Among other dignitaries at the kickoff were the state acting chairman of the PDP, Mukhtar Lugga; Lawal’s running mate, Mallam Mani Mallam Mummuni; House of Representatives members, and PDP senatorial candidates.