Atiku's campaign organisation, however, advised Tinubu to stop dishing out empty promises to Nigerians. The Atiku/Okowa Presidential Campaign Organisation has said that President Muhammadu Buhari abstained from the campaign rallies of the All Progressives Congress presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu because of his “total lack of integrity”.  A statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, the spokesperson for Atiku/Okowa campaign organisation, described as an antithetical for a candidate that is beleaguered by several allegations bordering on corruption, perjury, identity theft, inconsistencies in name as well as alleged narcotics offence to speak on integrity.  The PDP presidential campaign team stated that the absence of President Buhari at the APC presidential campaign rallies speaks volumes about Mr Tinubu's integrity.  The statement read in part, "Is it not an absurdity that a presidential candidate that is beleaguered by several allegations bordering on corruption, perjury, identity theft, inconsistencies in name as well as alleged narcotics offence, for which he forfeited a gargantuan sum of $460,000 to the United States of America, could muster the courage to address any gathering whatsoever on the issue of integrity." "Has Asiwaju Tinubu defended the identity theft of the picture of former Governor of Cross River State, Donald Duke, which was deliberately used by his campaign organization to portray him as a bright young man?” it asked.  It said, "The Atiku/Okowa campaign says the continuous absence of President Buhari at the APC presidential campaigns showcases a concern by Mr President that Tinubu, because of his lack of integrity, will lose a free, fair and credible poll at the February 25 presidential election.  "Our campaign also holds that President Buhari is distancing himself from Tinubu's campaign because of the inability of the APC presidential candidate to provide convincing explanation on his links to the alleged forfeiture of $460,000 to the United States authorities in a narcotics-related matter."  Atiku's campaign organisation, however, advised Tinubu to stop dishing out empty promises to Nigerians.  "We urge Nigerians to continue to give their support to the leading presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, in the collective drive to rescue and rebuild our nation." 