IPOB in a statement issued by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, on Tuesday said that though the Northern group is made up of people who are well informed, they have chosen to display ignorance and cluelessness regarding the law. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has berated a Northern group under the umbrella of the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) for allegedly attacking those calling for the unconditional release of the IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu.  IPOB in a statement issued by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, on Tuesday said that though the Northern group is made up of people who are well informed, they have chosen to display ignorance and cluelessness regarding the law.  The secessionist group said it “attributes the reckless attacks by Coalition of Northern Group (CNG) against those calling for the unconditional release of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu as an irresponsible statement from an uninformed and clueless Fulani group who benefits from the terrorism business of Northern Nigeria”.  It said, “IPOB has no word to qualify their low level of reasoning and ignorance on democracy and the rule of law. We don't blame them because they have succeeded in grabbing power from the indigenous peoples of Nigeria and don't know how to use it in this 21st century.  “If CNG is informed, they will not publicly display their ignorance by attacking those calling for the unconditional release of Mazi Nnamdi KANU after the Abuja Appeal Court has discharged and acquitted him and barred any courts in Nigeria from prosecuting him.  “Unfortunately, we are in Nigeria where democracy and the rule of law are aliens to the Fulanis from top to bottom. But for the fact, Fulanis and their government in power have decided to force themselves into one country with other democratic ethnic groups, they must abide by the rule of law as provided by the concocted 1999 Constitution.”  According to the group, the separatist leader, Kanu “has no case to answer in Nigeria again”. It continued, “For this mushroom, Fulanized groups telling their family government not to release our leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu thinking that they are in the market selling onions, the Nigerian government has no option but to release MNK as the courts in Nigeria and UN Working Group have pronounced and pay him necessary and adequate compensation without further delay.  “We are aware of the Nigerian government's heavy lobbying and sharing of millions of dollars either borrowed or from Biafra oil and gas revenues to local and international agencies to help them blackmail Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and IPOB. We don't have the money to spend, but Chukwu Okike Abiama will disappoint the hands of the crafty so that they will not perform their dirty enterprise against the Biafra Nation.  “The Fulanized Government of Nigeria must release Mazi Nnamdi Kanu without further delay for their own good. What will befall them will be surprising in the short term.  “If CNG is wise and a lawful group as they made us believe when they approached the Court for interpretation of Self-Determination law, they should have asked the cabals in government to respect their own Court decisions. In fact, the Fulani government of Nigeria is playing with fire. “IPOB will never exchange Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra for anything in this world. Nothing must happen to him, or this very lawful and peaceful movement will discard our modus operandi changes in the pursuit of our Self Determination Right.  “Notwithstanding their rantings and nocturnal meetings, IPOB is patiently waiting for the unconditional release of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and adequate compensation paid to him for the violent violation of his fundamental human rights.” 