The governorship candidates were expelled over gross violation of the party’s constitution.  Four state chapters of the African Action Congress have suspended their respective governorship candidates. The governorship candidates were expelled over gross violation of the party’s constitution. Those affected are Iboro Otu, Akwa Ibom; Ray Kene, Enugu; Ahmed Aliyu, Kwara and Dr. David Joel Charima, Taraba. “Season greetings to you from the Leadership and Members of the African Action Congress, Akwa Ibom State chapter,” the letter addressed to Otu read. “Recall, that the State leadership of the Party in a letter dated the 28th of December, 2022 had issued you with a query bothering on "Gross violation of the constitution, set rules, and directives of the African Action Congress" and given 48 hours to explain why disciplinary actions should not be taken against you in line with Section 81, Sub-section 4. That time has since elapsed without a word from you. “That you have willfully refused to respond to the Party's query to you is not only unfortunate but also reinforces our belief of your lack of respect for the constitution of the Party, and its organs. And this naked act of insubordination is not only contrary to Section 10 (a), (b) and (c) of the Party's constitution, it is punishable under Section 80, Sub-section 2 (a), (b), (c) (d) and (e). “Consequently, the State Executive Committee relying on Section 81, Sub-section 3 and in line with Section 81, Sub-section 2 (a), hereby expel you from the Party and by this letter, seize to be a member of the African Action Congress. This expulsion is with immediate effect. “You are therefore advised to seize further transaction on behalf of the Party as the African Action Congress will not be held liable over any breach or infraction.” Another letter signed by the Usman Jamiu, chairman of the party in Kwara and addressed to Aliyu read, “Following the Party’s query to you and dated the 28th of December, 2022 and the request to explain within 48 hours why disciplinary actions should not be taken against you in line with Section 81, Sub-section 4. The reply window has since closed without as much as a word of reply from you. “That you have deliberately refused to reply to the query is not only unfortunate but also speaks to your flagrant disregard and disrespect for the constitution of the Party, and its organs. And this act of insubordination is not only contrary to Section 10 (a), (b) and (c) of the Party's constitution, it is punishable under Section 80, Sub-section 2 (a), (b), (c) (d) and (e). “Consequently, the State Executive Committee relying on the Power vested it by Section 81, Sub- section 3 and in line with Section 81, Sub-section 2 (a) of the constitution of the Party, hereby expel you from the Party with immediate effect. You may wish to appeal this decision as guaranteed by the Party’s constitution. “You are therefore advised to seize further transaction on behalf of the Party as the African Action Congress will not be held liable over any breach or infraction.” 