Atiku had promised PDP members who wish to get appointments and contracts in his administration to ensure that they win their polling units. A spokesman for the All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council, Festus Keyamo, has described the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Atiku Abubakar, as a leopard that cannot change its skin. Atiku had promised PDP members who wish to get appointments and contracts in his administration to ensure that they win their polling units. The former vice-president who has been battling to extricate himself from the new revelations of how he allegedly used special purpose vehicles (SPVs) to siphon the country's wealth, made the promise to PDP supporters during a town hall meeting with stakeholders in Abeokuta, Ogun State. He said joining the campaign of candidates is not enough reason for them to get appointments and contracts. Atiku, who spoke on Wednesday, said, “You are all members of the PDP and supporters of the PDP. You want the PDP to return to power, please I beg of you, make sure you win your polling booths. “The fact that you are following the governorship candidate or the senatorial candidate or the House of Representatives candidate or the presidential candidate to campaign is not a qualification that you will get an appointment. “It is not a qualification that you will get a contract whether at the local government level, state or federal level. “The only way, as far as I am concerned; if I am president, if you come and say you want a job or you want a contract, I will ask you to let me have the result of your polling booth and that is what I am going to direct to everybody because unless we do that, we will not win the elections. “You cannot be following the governor to all the places or the senator to all the places and then you don’t win your polling booth and you come and say you want to be a minister or you want to get this contract. “So, please as members of our party, let us make sure that we go back to our constituencies and make sure that we deliver our polling units.” Reacting via his Twitter handle, Keyamo, who is also the spokesperson for the Tinubu/Shettima Presidential Campaign Council, said Atiku was already promising contracts to political allies, forgetting that there is a law called the Public Procurement Act. He wrote, "#Atikugate. A leopard cannot change its skin. He is already promising contracts to political allies, forgetting that there is a law called the Public Procurement Act. Mr. SPV!"