This was contained in a statement made on Wednesday by the chairman of the board, Saburi Lawal, noting that the board had assured the retirees that the situation would be resolved and commence payment. The Military Pensions Board has stated that the hitches between the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and disbursing banks are red for the delay in the receipt of payment of Security Debarment Allowance (SDA) by eligible military retirees. This was contained in a statement made on Wednesday by the chairman of the board, Saburi Lawal, noting that the board had assured the retirees that the situation would be resolved and commence payment. He explained that the delay did not emanate from the board but from technical hitches experienced between the CBN and the disbursing banks of the retirees and next-of-kins (NOK) of deceased pensioners. The statement reads; “It has, however, come to the notice of the board that bank accounts of some of our esteemed pensioners are yet to be credited with their entitlements, especially for those banking with the Unity Bank, Access Bank, Eco Bank, Keystone Bank and Heritage Bank. “It is pertinent to clarify that the delay is not caused by the board. It is as a result of some technical hitches experienced in the execution of the MPB’s mandate by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and the commercial banks earlier mentioned. “Notwithstanding this development, the board is assuring our esteemed pensioners that the MPB is on top of the situation as efforts are being made to ensure all eligible pensioners get paid as soon as possible. Furthermore, the board is using this medium to request all members of veteran associations to please inform NOKs of deceased pensioners that payment of SDA to eligible deceased military pensioners will commence on Thursday, January 19. "The NOKs of eligible deceased military personnel who died after November 9, 2017, should contact their respective banks for their entitlements. Also those whose bank account details were not with the board should apply to the chairman MPB for their entitlements formally. "Such applications should be accompanied by a copy of the death certificate of the deceased pensioner, discharge certificate, retirement letter and affidavit as to NOK of the deceased,” he added. 