A video seen by SaharaReporters shows people making frantic efforts to put out the fire. One of the biggest buildings at the popular Balogun Market located on Lagos Island, Southwest Nigeria, was gutted by fire on Thursday morning. A video seen by SaharaReporters shows people making frantic efforts to put out the fire. As of the time of filing this report, the loss and casualties of the incident were yet to be ascertained. This is the sixth time the market has gone up in flames. The South-West Zonal Coordinator for the National Emergency Management Agency, Mr Ibrahim Farinloye, in a message to SaharaReporters, said, “A market fire outbreak is ongoing at 5 Gbajumo Street Balogun market Lagos Island. Involving a 4 Storey  dealing on clothes and shoe. “The fire started at about 0045 hours and the concerted efforts of fire men from the Federal and State put out the fire at about 0300. “However, while dampening was ongoing, the fire started again at about 0600 hours and presently, the fire has been brought under total control. The fire has been contained without spreading to other building. No injury or death has been noticed.” “Accessibility to the source of fire is still very difficult but it is confined to the source,” Farinloye added.  A similar incident occurred at the market sometime in November 2019, 2020, 2021 and twice in 2022. And in each case, several goods worth millions of naira were destroyed. SaharaReporters learnt that some of the shop owners affected by the incident openly wept when they got to the scene in October 2022. It was reported that eyewitnesses said the fire started from one of the buildings located on Martins Street. But operatives of the Lagos State Emergency Agency (LASEMA), Lagos State Fire and Rescue Services, as well as other responders, were deployed to the market to put out the fire. The Permanent Secretary of LASEMA, Dr. Femi Oke-Osanyintolu, was quoted as saying that rescue operations were ongoing at the scene as firefighters and other first responders battled to put out the fire. “The agency responded to distress calls concerning the above location and upon arrival at the scene, a shop on the top floor of a four-storey building was found to be gutted by fire. “Further information gathered revealed that clothing materials were stored inside the shop. “Fortunately, there was no casualty involved in the incident. The agency’s responders alongside the Federal Fire service, Lagos State Fire service and UBA fire services are joint responders working together to put out the fire and prevent its spread to nearby buildings. Operation ongoing,” Oke-Osanyitolu said.