The rally is planned for February 11, while the row between Atiku and the five aggrieved governors of the PDP, led By Governor Nyesom Wike, has yet to be resolved. The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, will be visiting Rivers State to campaign by the second week of February in what has been described as the “mother of all rallies.” The rally is planned for February 11, while the row between Atiku and the five aggrieved governors of the PDP, led By Governor Nyesom Wike, has yet to be resolved. The South-South Coordinator of the PDP Ward2Ward Group, Onengiye Leonard Tamunoigbeinbia, meanwhile on Monday confirmed that all plans had been concluded to hold the rally in the state. Tamunoigbeinbia, who is also the Director General, Atiku/Okowa Campaign, Okrika Local Council in Rivers, said in a release that Atiku was scheduled to be in Port Harcourt, the state capital on February 11, 2023. “The 2023 general elections will not be like the previous ones. Nobody is going to write results, this time around. The campaign in the state will be the mother of all campaigns as Rivers State and the people will show the world that they have a stake in the Presidency of Atiku Abubakar,” he noted. "Rivers PDP presidential campaign council awaits to graciously usher in partisans from other political parties to become part of the record-making event at Adokiye Amiesimaka, Port Harcourt, Rivers State, Nigeria. “The Rivers State PDP Presidential Campaign Council DG, Dr. Abiye Sekibo, led various committee heads and members to inspect the preparation venue of the forthcoming record-making presidential campaign in the state. “Part of teams include, former Deputy Governor of Rivers State, Tele Ikuru , DG Of the Okrika LGA Presidential Campaign council, Leonard Tamunoigbeinbia, Chris Chuama , amongst other leaders, to supervise the arrangement of the event center in Port Harcourt.” SaharaReporters had on January 14 reported that the state governor, Wike, maintained his threat never to take part in campaigns for Atiku. Wike had vowed never to campaign for Atiku until the leadership of the PDP met the demands of the G-5 Governors, particularly the resignation of the party's National Chairman, Senator Iyorchia Ayu. Governor Wike while kicking off the construction of Abua-Emoh-Iyak-Ighom-Elok and Emoh-Egbolom Access Road that held at Okpeden Town Junction in Abua/Odual Local Government Area, emphatically asked the people of the state to only vote for the PDP governorship and legislative candidates. The leader of G-5 governors had said, “Guard their votes and deliver them all for candidates of the PDP contesting governorship, National Assembly and State House Of Assembly in Rivers State. “And I believe that by the time you vote for us in the governorship, the House of Assembly, the Senate and the House of Representatives elections, obviously, my successor has no choice but to link you up with bridges over rivers that separate some of your communities, so that all of you will be together.” 