The group said the parley with presidential candidates of major political parties is slated for January 17 and 18, 2022 in Ibadan, Oyo State. South-West Development Stakeholders Forum (SWDSF) has disclosed its plans to hold an interactive series for candidates for the 2023 presidential election. This was stated in a press statement issued by the group’s spokesman, Alhaji Olalekan Ajia on Monday. The forum comprising civil society organisations, professionals and religious leaders disclosed this after its meeting. The group said the parley with presidential candidates of major political parties is slated for January 17 and 18, 2022 in Ibadan, Oyo State. The statement reads: “All is now set for 17th and 18th January 2023 Parleys by the people of the South West, with the leading Presidential Candidates, at Jogor Centre, Ibadan, on their Security and Development plans for the South West region. “At its weekly meeting on 1st of January, the South West Development Stakeholders Forum (SWDSF), representing over 30 grassroots South West interests and associations across party, religious and ethnic affiliations, declared that it has invited Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party and Mr. Peter Obi of the Labour Party. “Also invited are Mr. Omoyele Sowore of the African Action Congress, Mr. Kolawole Abiola of the Peoples Redemption Party, Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso of the New Nigeria People’s Party and Prince Adewole Adebayo of the Social Democratic Party. “The SWDSF includes the Yoruba World Centre, ODUACCIMA, Egbe Omo Yoruba in North America, Professional Women’s Group, Yoruba Ko’ya Leadership & Training Foundation, Majeobaje, Oranmiyan Hunters Association, Farmers Groups, Town Development Unions, the Academia, the Chambers of Commerce and Diaspora associations. “The purpose of the parleys is to find common grounds between Presidential manifestoes and the aspirations and development plans of the South West people of Nigeria as spelt out in the Development Agenda for Western Nigeria (DAWN), a non-partisan blueprint prepared jointly by all 6 Yoruba states, for the region's security and socio-economic development. “Certainly also the parleys will increase voters' understanding and turnout in the South West at the 2023 Elections. “Despite its historical trajectory as the commercial nerve centre of Nigeria, its strategic political importance for a united, peaceful, and prosperous Nigeria, and huge potential in driving national growth and development, the South West has received little or no strategic consideration in the manifestoes of the various Presidential candidates. “Beyond party affiliations, religious and ethnic disparities, the over 50 million people of the South West of Nigeria need to hear directly from the Presidential candidates how they will work with Yoruba people, and indeed all Nigerians living in the South West, to address issues of insecurity and worsening quality of life in the region. “The South West Development Forum will be represented at the discussions by its leadership, Mr. Alao Adedayo the Chairman, Reverend Muyiwa Bamgbose the Secretary, Sir Gbenga Adebusuyi, Otunba Deji Osibogun, and Prince Kayode Adeyemi. Others are Senator Tokunbo Ogunbajo, Akinrogun Akintayo Akin-Deko, Dr. Yemi Adegoke, Mr. Ayo Oyerinde, Barrister Femi Oniyide, and Alhaji Olalekan Ajia.”  