This is contained in a statement released on Saturday by the spokesperson for the family, who alleged that some top police officers in the state were dabbling in the matter and dragging the IGP's name into the mud over land-grabbing activities. The Ojumu Royal family in Lagos State has sought the intervention of President Muhammadu Buhari, Governor Babatunde Sanwo-Olu, and the Inspector General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba over the alleged land-grabbing activities in the Eti-Osa/Chevron Estate in the state. This is contained in a statement released on Saturday by the spokesperson for the family, who alleged that some top police officers in the state were dabbling in the matter and dragging the IGP's name into the mud over land-grabbing activities. Therefore, the family called on the appropriate authorities to caution the state police commissioner, CP Abiodun Alabi and Lagos Task Force Chairman, CSP Shola Jejelaiye over their handling of the matter. The statement reads: “The Ojumu family has cried out to President Muhammadu Buhari, Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, and the Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba, to caution the duo of Lagos State Police Commissioner, CP Abiodun Alabi and Lagos Task Force Chairman, CSP Shola Jejelaiye over a land matter. “Recall that major news reported about some Police officers who are dragging the name of the IGP into the mud over land-grabbing activities in the Eti-Osa/Chevron Estate to be precise. “The Ojumu family said that on 18th December 2022, some policemen chased away the owners of an 8223sqm landed property, and their workers from the site while some of the workers were arrested with the claims that they were acting on directives of First Bank of Nigeria PLC.” “After spending the night in police custody, the Ojumu family was able to bail out the arrested workers,” the statement added. The family further revealed that it sold land directly to a now-defunct bank and sold another part to one Mr Ibraheem, which is different from the one sold to the defunct bank, whose ownership was later transferred to the first-generation bank. The statement continued: “The information available to the media shows that the Ojumu family sold land directly to the defunct Oceanic Bank PLC. Also, the family sold another part to one Mr. Ibraheem which is different from the one sold to First Bank of Nigeria PLC. “After the cry of the Ojumu family that was reported in the media, the Lagos State Police Commissioner, CP Abiodun Alabi who felt exposed by the publication decided to declare Mr. Ibraheem a “land grabber”. “Why declare somebody that has spent N700 million on a property a land grabber? The Ojumu family categorically says that Mr. Ibraheem is never a land grabber. This is a man known as a serial entrepreneur; he has an investment in real estate, having managed many Estates in Lagos; a health and airline investor. He has no criminal record not to talk of grabbing land,” the family declared. “My life is at risk,” Ibraheem was quoted as saying. The Ojumu family has appealed for the intervention of the Federal Government in the matter. “They further called on the Nigeria Police to bring the so-called First Bank PLC to appear alongside the Ojumu family to resolve the issue of First Bank PLC sending Policemen to intimidate the landowners. “We had it on good authority that about N200 million has been spent by First Bank to cause the current crisis despite the glaring record that the land belongs to the Ojumu family. A Commissioner of Police that cannot manage a minor crisis shouldn’t be a Commissioner in Lagos, the Ojumu family reiterated. “The landowners are pleading with the Presidency, the IGP, and, the Governor of Lagos to ensure that justice is served for the landowners who have acted civilly and lawfully in the face of harassment and intimidation,” the statement concluded.