Dawakin Tofa happens to be Governor Abdullahi Ganduje’s local government area. Ganduje was born in Ganduje village in the local government area and also had his primary education there. The police in Kano State, Northwest Nigeria have arrested a 45-year-old man in possession of 29 permanent voter cards in the Dawakin Tofa Local Government Area of the state. Dawakin Tofa happens to be Governor Abdullahi Ganduje’s local government area. Ganduje was born in Ganduje village in the local government area and also had his primary education there. The spokesperson for the police in the state, SP Abdullahi Haruna Kiyawa, confirmed it to Daily Trust, identifying the suspect as Tasiu Abdullahi from Hayin Hago area in Dawakin Tofa LGA. The police spokesman said the suspect had been moved to the Criminal Investigation Department of the command where an investigation into his action had commenced. According to him, the suspect will be prosecuted following the investigation. In November 2022, Ganduje said the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu was assured of victory in the next election. He stated this while addressing a crowd of supporters out on the streets of Kano for the One-million March PVC (Permanent Voter Card) Walk to show support for Tinubu. “You can see that we promise one million PVC show march, but it turned out to be three million, indicating that the state is for APC’s presidential candidate in 2023.  “Come rain, come shine, the state is for the APC and nothing will make the electorate not to cast their vote for the party, because the teeming masses have seen the handiwork of the party,” Ganduje had said.  Meanwhile, the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) has alleged that the suspect arrested by the police is a member of the ruling APC. The party also alleged that Tasiu was working for Abba Ganduje, son of Governor Ganduje, who is contesting for the House of Representatives seat for Dawakin Tofa/Tofa/Rimin Gado federal constituency, Daily Trust reports. Sanusi Bature Dawakin Tofa, the NNPP Chief Campaign Spokesperson in a statement alleged that the suspect confessed that the younger Ganduje asked him to collect the PVCs so as to process empowerment of N10,000 for all the owners of the PVCs. According to Tofa, the NNPP has directed its legal team to pursue the matter and ensure that the suspect is prosecuted and brought to justice. But the deputy chairman of the APC in the state, Alhaji Shehu Maigari described the allegation made by the NNPP as unfounded, saying no one can vote with more than one PVC. 