The Military Pensions Board (MPB) has commenced the payment of the first and second tranches of Security Debarment Allowances (SDA) to military veterans and the Next of Kins (NOKs) of deceased personnel. Security Debarment Allowance is the money paid to retired military personnel to discourage them from using the skills they acquired while in service against the government. SaharaReporters had reported that the ex-servicemen in December 2022 threatened to protest at the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Defence over the unpaid allowances. The ex-servicemen had in a letter signed by its spokesman, Abiodun Durowaiye-Herberts, accused the ministry of failing to release the fund for the payment of their allowance despite President Muhammadu Buhari’s approval. “We also wish to reiterate that, while we sincerely wish to stand by your ministry’s earlier assurances to pay the first tranche of the SDA before the end of the year 2022, we may be unable to prevent our members from completely shutting down your ministry’s activities in a peaceful protest starting Monday, December 12, 2022, if you default on the payment. “We hope that your ministry will do all that is possible for the commencement of the payment to avert this protest, as it will not portray the country well. Please accept the assurances of our highest regards,” the letter read. However, in a statement by its Chairman, Rear Admiral Saburi Lawal, the Board said it commenced the payment after an agreement had been reached with the retirees. The statement read, “Sequel to the approval given by the President for the payment of the Security Debarment Allowance to military retirees who originally were not covered by the November 9, 2017, effective date and the agreement reached at the ensuing tripartite meetings of the Ministry of Defence, Ministry of Finance and representatives of the Veteran Associations. “The Military Pensions Board wishes to inform our esteemed military retirees and the general public that the Board has commenced payment of the first and second tranches (that is, for 1st and 2nd Quarters 2023) of the SDA to eligible military retirees/Next of Kins of deceased military personnel. “The payment, which is in fulfilment of the Presidential approval of the provisions of the reviewed Manual of Financial Administration 2017 will commence on Thursday 5 January 2023.” Lawal said retirees who are on their database and retired before November 9, 2017, would be paid. The statement added, “The beneficiaries of these payments are: military retirees on the MPB database who retired before 9 November 2017, deceased military retirees who were alive when the MAFA was signed on 9 November 2017, and non-pensionable retirees who retired before 9 November 2017 but were only paid gratuities. “However, our esteemed retirees are please requested to note that the SDA is calculated as a function of 10% of the retiree’s annual basic salary at the time of retirement multiplied by the number of years served in the services.” He, however, urged all concerned military pensioners and the next of kin of deceased military personnel to contact their banks for their entitlements.