Sowore, who said he is looking for 100 runners to join him in what he has tagged “#RunwithSowore” is seemingly asking the presidential candidates to join him and prove to Nigerians that they are physically fit for the work they are bargaining for. The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC) in the forthcoming general elections, Omoyele Sowore, has challenged the presidential candidates of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Peter Obi of the Labour Party to join him in the February 4, 2023, Lagos City Marathon. Sowore, who said he is looking for 100 runners to join him in what he has tagged “#RunwithSowore” is seemingly asking the presidential candidates to join him and prove to Nigerians that they are physically fit for the work they are bargaining for. Sowore, who is in his early 50s said, “I will be participating in the Lagos City Marathon #RunLagos2023 scheduled for Feb 4th 2023, I am looking for 100 runners to join me in what I have tagged #RunwithSowore, “I am also urging other Pres. candidates particularly of the @OfficialAPCNg @OfficialPDPNig @NgLabour to join!” I will be participating in the Lagos City Marathon #RunLagos2023 scheduled for Feb 4th 2023, I am looking for 100 runners to join me in what I have tagged #RunwithSowore, I am also urging other Pres. candidates particularly of the @OfficialAPCNg @OfficialPDPNig @NgLabour to join! pic.twitter.com/EowhbB7lyl — Omoyele Sowore (@YeleSowore) January 24, 2023 This is as the APC presidential candidate, Tinubu and his PDP counterpart, Atiku have been widely reported to be struggling with health challenges. Recently, a former Director of the Civil Society of the APC Presidential Campaign Council (APC-PCC), Najatu Muhammad, while explaining why she dumped Tinubu described the former Lagos governor as not only physically unfit to lead the nation, but also mentally unfit. “Asiwaju that I sat with for two hours, he slept most of the time, it was Bisi Akande that I was really talking to. Most importantly he is not only physically unfit, he is mentally unfit, whether we want it or not, this is the truth. It’s not that I hate him, I respect him because I have heard of one or two people that he assisted which is good,” she said in an interview with THE WHISTLER. “But when you talk of leadership of over two hundred million people you know that if you remove tribal sentiments, you know that he is incapable, those that will rule are those around him. This is the reality. He is mentally deranged – I said it! “I sat with him for two hours in London, when you talk of green, he will give you an answer of red, he can’t even decipher, he has very serious dementia, I believe he has Alzheimer’s because he cannot even hold a cup of tea,” she added.