Both the All Progressives Congress and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) had berated Obasanjo for choosing Obi, saying the former president’s decision has no electoral value. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has said he does not belong to any political party and would not join any presidential campaign train, in response to his critics over his endorsement ahead of the 2023 general elections. Obasanjo had in his New Year message to Nigerians, titled “My appeal to all Nigerians particularly young Nigerians,” thrown his weight behind Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), generating mixed reactions nationwide and questions around the public records and achievements of Obi as former Anambra State governor. Both the All Progressives Congress and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) had berated Obasanjo for choosing Obi, saying the former president’s decision had no electoral value and Nigerians would not be swayed by his endorsement. Meanwhile, the former president while speaking on Thursday at a virtual engagement organised by the Africa Leadership Group, said he had no political party. The ex-president said he had no regrets leading Nigeria. Obasanjo said, “I am not on the campaign trail. I’ve used the benefit of my experience and I’ve put plainly. “I do not belong to any political party. I will not join any campaign train. I’ve said what is best for the country.” Speaking on what to look out for in the next president, Obasanjo said, “Nigeria is where we are because of leadership. “We must decisively look for men and women who have the character, attributes, skill and attitude that we need for leadership, that will deliver in this country.” Speaking on the Nigerian constitution, Obasanjo called for an amendment, noting that no constitution was perfect. He said, “Some people blame the constitution for everything in Nigeria. Of course, our constitution is not perfect, and there is no constitution that is sacrosanct and it can be amended.” He said part of what should be included in the amended constitution is the devolution of power.