The party claimed that Tajudeen Adefisoye, who represents the Idanre/Ifedore Federal Constituency, was behind the attack on its members and the destruction of the businesses where members were holding meetings. The Peoples Democratic Party in Ondo State has expressed concerns over an alleged soldier’s attack on some of its members in the state's Idanre council area ahead of next month’s general elections. The party claimed that Tajudeen Adefisoye, who represents the Idanre/Ifedore Federal Constituency, was behind the attack on its members and the destruction of the businesses where members were holding meetings. The deputy chairman of the House Committee on Army, Adefisoye, claimed that PDP thugs attacked his convoy last Saturday in the town, injuring some of his supporters. According to the opposition party, the alleged fake soldiers' invasion was retaliation for an attack on the APC lawmaker who represents the area. Mr. Fasoranti Adeyemi, the PDP's director of media and publicity in Idanre Local Government, has requested that the commander of the 32 Artillery Brigade in Akure look into the men wearing army uniforms, who attacked and looted stores in the town. In a statement, Adeyemi claimed that two loaded Hilux Buses carrying military personnel had been brought to the town. “The military action started around 5:45pm and lasted till 7:05pm saw them destroying shops and property.” He claimed that the PDP members were attacked by APC thugs who did so without warning, resulting in numerous injuries and the destruction of their businesses. “No amount of threats, intimidations and harassment will stop Idanre/Ifedore from voting PDP Candidates in the forthcoming February/March 2023 and from winning.” Adeyemi claimed that the crisis in the town started on Saturday when the lawmaker's supporters allegedly fired shots in the air as they drove past the location of the PDP meeting on their way back from the All Progressives Congress (APC) mega rally in Akure, the state's capital. He claimed that the lawmaker changed the story on Monday after realising that PDP members had gone to the police station to report the incident. A federal lawmaker named Adefisoye responded, but he refuted the allegations and said he hadn't sent soldiers to the town. Festus Akingbaso, a PDP candidate for the House of Representatives, and his supporters, according to Adefisoye, were the ones who attacked the politician. He said, “I didn’t bring soldiers to Idanre. It was the candidate of PDP for House of Representatives, Festus Akingbaso, and his supporters that attacked me. “They destroyed my cars and the windscreen of my car was pierced by bullet.” The Deputy Chairman of the House Committee on Army, Hon. Adefisoye, attacked the Director of Media & Campaign Idanre Local Government Chapter, Adeboyeku Babatunde, who responded by saying that the soldiers who stormed Idanre "did not manhandle, harrass residents, only stormed Idanre community for situation assessment." He claimed that the federal lawmaker who had the good fortune to survive the attack had officially reported the attempted murder to the Brigade Commander of Owena Cantonment, and soldiers had been sent to the scene to conduct an assessment. They ended up picking up some expelled bullets that are likely to become useful in their assignment. He continued, “Upon receipt of a formal petition from Hon. Adefisoye, the Brigade Commander authorised the dispatch of a team of soldiers to Idanre for fact finding and first hand assessment of the situation.” Contacted, the state police spokesperson, Funmi Odunlami, said the matter was under investigation. 