Two years ago, the Kano State House of Assembly recommended Rimingado's immediate sacking from his position as chairman of the anti-graft agency. Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has approved the official sacking of the suspended Chairman of Kano State Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission, Muhuyi Rimingado. Two years ago, the Kano State House of Assembly recommended Rimingado's immediate sacking from his position as chairman of the anti-graft agency. The State House of Assembly in July 2022 recommended that the suspended state anti-corruption commission chairman should be sacked but the governor did not approve of his sacking at the time. However, The Punch reports that Rimingado's sacking was contained in a letter dated January 24, 2023, and signed by the Secretary to the Kano State Government, Alhaji Usman Alhaji. The letter said, “Following the resolution adopted by the Kano State House of Assembly at its setting held on Monday 26 July 2021 (16, Zuhijja, 1442AH) calling on the state government to, with immediate effect remove you as the executive chairman of the Kano State Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission on account of some alleged offenses, I wish to convey the approval of His Excellency, the Executive Governor of Kano State, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of your dismissal from your position of the Executive Chairman, Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission with immediate effect. “The dismissal in accordance with the provisions of section 6 of the Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Law 2008 as amended. Accordingly, you are hereby formally issued with a dismissal letter.” The Punch further reports that Rimingado while confirming his sacking, said he was served with the letter on Wednesday at exactly 7:12 p.m. He was quoted as saying, “As far as I am concerned, this letter will not cause any injury to me because there is already a court judgment in that respect. The court ruled that the government cannot sack me without giving me a fair hearing in the whole saga. And up till this time that I am speaking with you, the Kano state government did not give me any fair hearing as far as this matter is concerned. “So, all I can say is that even though I was served with a dismissal letter, I still stand by the court judgment. And this development will never deter me from my political activities because the letter, to my understanding, was meant to distract me from my political activities.”