The group vowed to order its members and Southwest graduates to boycott NYSC if the new DG is not removed. The Council of Progressive Yoruba Youth (CPYY) has condemned the appointment of another northern, Brigadier-General Yusha’u Dogara Ahmed as the new Director-General (DG) of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC). The Nigerian Government on Thursday appointed Dogara Ahmed as the substantive NYSC DG, sidelining Mrs Christy Uba who has been serving in an acting capacity since the sacking of erstwhile DG, Brigadier-General Muhammad Fadah by President Muhammadu Buhari in November over alleged corruption, nepotism and religious bias. CPYY in a statement issued by its President, Aare Rotimi Adebayo, late Thursday, rejected Dogara Ahmed's appointment, questioning why no southerner was deemed fit for the position despite the recent administrative failures of northerners that have held the post. The group vowed to order its members and Southwest graduates to boycott NYSC if the new DG is not removed. The council insisted that the new DG lacks merit, noting that his only qualification is that he is from the same place as President Buhari. The statement read: "The appointment of another northerner in the person of Brigadier-General Yusha’u Dogara Ahmed as the new Director-General (DG) of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), stands condemned. It further exposes lack of federal character, and nepotism in the present administration. "It is ironic that southerners have been systematically sidelined from heading an agency that its sole aim is to foster unity and peaceful cohesion amongst the citizenry. It is even more appalling that another incompetent northerner was chosen over an array of qualified Yoruba and Igbo officers solely on the basis of his region. The same region with the Chief of Army Staff and the same region with the Chairperson of the NYSC Governing Board. "We must not forget the recent history of the NYSC under the sacked DG, Brig Gen MK Fadah who turned the scheme into an embezzling ground. He almost ruined NYSC. With just six months in charge, Fadah allegedly built two hotels and laundered billions of naira in collaboration with the Director of Finance and Administration, Abdulazeez Ominisi. That is what nepotism does. It breeds corruption, incompetency and disunity. "It is this kind of unwholesome leadership at the National Youth Service Corps that has prompted calls for the scrapping of the scheme. How on earth is the NYSC still relevant when the basis of its relevance has continued to be destroyed by those meant to protect it?" The group, therefore, asked that the appointment of Dogara Ahmed as the new DG of the NYSC should be withdrawn "with immediate effect."