According to a local source, the terrorists arrived on motorcycles and were armed with sophisticated weapons.  At least three people were killed and six others were kidnapped during a fresh attack by terrorists on Tuesday morning at Jajar Kanwa village, in Jibia Local Government Area of Katsina State. It was learned that the attack occurred at about 2am when terrorists rustled several domestic animals and carted away household valuables, including money, phones, and food items. According to a local source, the terrorists arrived on motorcycles and were armed with sophisticated weapons, Guardian reports. He claimed that the terrorists killed three people, including a woman who worked at the community clinic. According to the source, scores of people were injured during the attack, including those injured by the terrorist and those injured while fleeing. He went on to say that among the six abducted was a married pregnant woman, and that the victims were moved into the forest by their kidnappers. He said that before the terrorists left, they told the community to cough up the sum of N20,000 each for collection within one week, or face the consequences. He lamented that most of the people in the community were peasant farmers, and wondered how they could come up with N20,000 each before next week Tuesday. As a result, the source urged government and security personnel to come to their aid, as many community members were fearful for their lives. SP Gambo Isah, a spokesperson for the state police command, confirmed the incident but stated that only two people were killed and three others were injured. “Yes, two killed and three injured. Due to the ongoing operations in Sokoto and Zamfara axis, large number of terrorists – bandits are trooping into Katsina through Zamfara,” Isah said. “It was while they were coming in, attacked some villagers at Kanwar Jaja, Jibia LGA. Killed two and injured three. But no kidnapping took place. “I assure you that security forces are presently engaging them, rooting them out from their hideouts in the state.” “Yes, two killed and three injured. Due to the ongoing operations in Sokoto and Zamfara axis, large number of terrorists – bandits are trooping into Katsina through Zamfara,” Isah said. “It was while they were coming in, attacked some villagers at Kanwar Jaja, Jibia LGA. Killed two and injured three. But no kidnapping took place. “I assure you that security forces are presently engaging them, rooting them out from their hideouts in the state,” he added. 