Imumolen also expressed displeasure at how Kirfi was stripped of his traditional title of 'Wazirin Bauchi'. The presidential candidate of Accord Party, Professor Christopher Imumolen has condemned the Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed over the sacking of Alhaji Muhammadu Bello Kirfi from the Emirate Council as a member.  Imumolen also expressed displeasure at how Kirfi was stripped of his traditional title of 'Wazirin Bauchi'.  The former Minister of Special Duties was removed from the position on Tuesday, January 3, 2023, on allegations of 'disloyalty' and 'disrespect' to the governor of the state, Mohammed.  His sacking has however provoked reactions from Nigerians, including Imumolen who is contesting to be Nigeria's president next month.  Imumolen had canvassed autonomy for the country's traditional institutions amid the growing cases of traditional rulers being arbitrarily and summarily dethroned or stripped of their titles by state governors who are uncomfortable with contrary views being expressed by the custodians of the people’s customs and traditions.  In a statement on Wednesday, Imumolen said, "The manner in which some governors are beginning to desecrate our traditional institutions by arbitrarily removing duly coronated kings, obas and emirs or persons who hold traditional titles is assuming a worrisome dimension, and must be checked before it all together gets out of hand.  "I don't know what former minister, Bello Kirfi must have said or done that could have made the governor, supposedly a democrat and former lawmaker, to order his being removed from the Bauchi Emirate Council, as well as being stripped of his 'Wazirin Bauchi' traditional title.  "But I am sure that the allegations of 'disloyalty' and 'disrespect', planks upon which the governor rested his reasons for removing the octogenarian are vague and indefensible.  "Besides, the words 'disrespect' and 'disloyalty' are subjective depending on which perspective it is being looked at.  "We are not in a dictatorship where freedom of speech is not allowed. If Alhaji Bello Kirfi is being persecuted for not being a yes-man, or who is vocal about government policies not being beneficial to the people, then he is within his rights to speak out as guaranteed by the constitution.  "That the elder statesman would be so treated without the opportunity of being allowed to state his own side of the story is tyranny being exhibited to extreme levels by a governor in a democratic setting like ours.  "I have said it before, and I will say it again. I'll not be allowing this to happen if the people mandate me to be the country's next president.  "We shall review the laws that put the traditional institutions under the arms of governors who are fast misusing it to hound real or perceived enemies out of their God-ordained traditional inheritances.  "Traditional stools are sacred and must be accorded due reverence. It is an aberration for a governor to just wake up and sack a king because he doesn't like his face.  "Going forward, we must resist the current attempt by governors to make whole traditional institutions appendages of government. We have already witnessed it in the way these governors have made both their state houses of assembly and local government structures rubber stamps where any contrary views are stifled and seen as disloyalty.”  "The Bauchi saga must not be allowed to happen again," he added.