Keyamo had issued a 72-hour ultimatum to the EFCC, ICPC and CCB to arrest the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Atiku.  Festus Keyamo, a spokesman of the All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council, says his petitions to law enforcement agencies against Atiku Abubakar have been received. The Minister of State, Labour and Employment, who made this known in a tweet on Tuesday, shared an acknowledgement copy of his communications to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC); Code of Conduct Bureau and Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), bearing the stamps of the anti-corruption agencies. “#ATIKUGATE: Receipt of my petition by three law-enforcement agencies”, the minister wrote. Keyamo had issued a 72-hour ultimatum to the EFCC, ICPC and CCB to arrest the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Atiku. The spokesperson in a letter dated January 16, signed by him, said Atiku should be arrested, interrogated and prosecuted for “offences against the Code of Conduct for public officers, offence of money laundering, offence of criminal breach of trust and criminal misappropriation and offence of conspiracy”. In a petition to the agencies, Keyamo said the revelations of a whistleblower and Atiku’s former aide, Michael Achimugu implicated the presidential candidate of the PDP as siphoning public funds through proxies –“special purpose vehicles” while he was vice-president. He asked the agencies to act on the petition or face a lawsuit. He said: “For about a week now, Nigerians have been in shock over the public revelations of a whistleblower, Mr. Michael Achimugu, who has provided the nation with evidence of letters of appointment by Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, emails, documents, audio clips, sworn affidavit and his direct oral evidence as to how Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, who happens to be the Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), during his tenure as Vice-President of Nigeria between 1999 and 2007, colluded with his then boss, President Olusegun Obasanjo, to fleece the country and steal public funds using what he termed as “Special Purpose Vehicles” (SPVs). "Those SPVs were companies Atiku admittedly registered upon assumption of office as Vice-President (with the approval of President Olusegun Obasanjo) using “trusted allies” as shareholders and Directors. "The purpose was to divert government contracts to these companies as “consultants” and then pay monies into these companies and use those monies to fund the PDP and their private businesses and family activities. “I understand that the law-enforcement agencies may be reluctant to act simply because of the perception of persecution of a Presidential candidate that this may evoke. “However, facts are sacred. The facts so far presented to the world clearly indicate that Atiku Abubakar has a case to answer. In other climes when such serious allegations arose in the middle of campaigns, the law-enforcement agencies acted decisively. "Recall, in 2016, in the middle of campaigns for the exalted office of the Presidency of the United States, the FBI opened investigation into allegation of misuse of private emails against Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State. In fact, the case was referred to the Justice Department for likely prosecution few weeks to actual voting. “TAKE NOTICE that because this matter is of great national importance, I expect you to act with alacrity and a sense of duty within Seventy-Two (72) hours of the receipt of this petition. “TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that if you fail, refuse and/or neglect to act, I shall be proceeding to court to compel you to act. “The ball is in your court and Nigerians are waiting and watching.”