 Nze Meekam K. Mgbenwelu Eziama Ubulu, a spokesperson for the former Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Emeka Ihedioha's political structure, 'Rebuild Imo Movement' has resigned. The resignation of Mgbenwelu is linked to the Supreme Court nullification of the senatorial primary election of the Peoples Democratic Party for Imo West (Orlu zone) that produced Rt Hon Jones Onyereri as the candidate. In his resignation letter obtained by SaharaReporters, Mgbenwelu maintained that it would amount to double tragedy for the people of Imo West Senatorial district (Orlu zone) if he continued to take refuge in the political camp of former Imo governor, Ihedioha after he (Ihedioha) “deliberately masterminded” the removal of “my brother”, Hon Onyereri, whom he described as the people's choice. The letter reads; "Let me thank you for the opportunity accorded me to serve as the Rebuild Imo Spokesperson. I am writing to inform you of my decision to relinquish this role. "The internecine conflicts within Imo State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has significantly impeded my ability to communicate effectively to the various stakeholders that constitute the broader collective. "Only recently, a PDP Senatorial Candidate of our great party was unfairly denied the opportunity to offer his services to his constituents in Orlu Zone where I also hail from. Ironically, the sad turn of events was precipitated by a fellow PDP party member. "I am therefore compelled to tender my resignation as Spokesperson for the Rebuildimo Organisation. "Injustice against one is injustice against all, if allowed to fester. The unfortunate incident of January 14, 2020, only goes to buttress this fact and my decision is predicated on the unflinching principles that have defined my character and disposition from inception.” Mgbenwelu disclosed, that “Jones Onyereri is my brother, a beloved and trusted son; every Orlu zone man and woman across party lines are (sic) crying as a result of 'this act of wickedness' and injustice aided by Rt Hon Emeka Ihedioha. 'No, I can’t be with him anymore. This is an act of extreme wickedness. I never knew that Ihedioha is evil, vindictive, selfish and greedy....no no no, am done with him,” Mgbenwelu said. Mgbenwelu served as Commissioner for Information Technology under Ihedioha’s short-lived administration. Mgbenwelu was appointed the spokesperson for the Rebuild Imo Movement three months ago, a political structure of Ihedioha aimed at re-electing the sacked governor. The Imo West senatorial District, leaders and critical stakeholders of PDP in Orlu zone had accused Ihedioha of masterminding the Supreme Court judgement that removed Jones Onyereri. The Supreme Court of Nigeria had nullified the primary election of the PDP for Imo West Senatorial District which produced Jones Onyereri as its candidate for the National Assembly election. The apex court nullified the primary election on the ground that it was conducted in Owerri, the Imo State Capital instead of Orlu which is the Senatorial Headquarters of Imo West. Justice Agim held that since the time for the conduct of the primary election to nominate candidates was already over, it is deemed that the party would not have a candidate in the February 25 National Assembly poll.