 All of the contracts and assets that can be traded on the market are considered trading instruments. There are different trading instruments; some are used more often than others. They include shares and futures contracts, currencies, indices, and other financial instruments. Most of them can be found on HFM forex broker.  The average daily trading volume for popular financial instruments is typically relatively high. They are as follows:  Forex Instruments As a result of its 24-hour availability, high volatility, low capital requirements, vast liquidity, and cheap transactional costs, the foreign exchange (FX) markets and forex instruments are well-suited for short-term day trading. However, it is crucial to choose a currency pair that suits the requirements of day trading. HFM offers several currency pairs suitable for short-term currency trading.  When trading, it's best to avoid exotic currency pairs lacking significant liquidity characteristics. Short-term forex futures account for the vast majority of day trading, followed by forex spot trading, forex options, and binary forex options. The best day trading strategies are the ones that are both comfortable and effective for the trader.  Bond Futures Because forex trading requires a large amount of capital, bonds are not a superb trading instrument for this type of trading. On the other hand, bond futures have a lower risk profile, so investors can benefit from significant leverage, high-volume trading, very cheap transaction costs, and excellent liquidity. In addition, day trading in bond futures provides traders with the diversity that is desperately needed.  Stocks The value of an investment in a company's stock might fluctuate based on how well that firm does over time. Stocks are traded via stock exchanges. The term "share" is commonly used when referring to a single stock. Investors who purchase a share become a stakeholder in the corresponding corporation.  Options on Indexes Options are less expensive alternatives to stocks, which are more expensive. Because of their high volatility, high liquidity, and low capital requirements, carefully selected option positions on highly tracked indices and popular stocks with high volatility make good day trading instruments. These instruments can be either single options or combinations of options. However, the transaction costs associated with using them are typically rather substantial. However, HFM offers pocket-friendly transaction charges.  Index Futures Futures on well-known indices, such as the Standard & Poor's, are among the trading instruments with the highest volume and most liquid. Despite their excellent liquidity and low transaction costs, index futures are not as volatile as other financial instruments. The significant leverage offered on index futures markets is beneficial for day traders who are already accustomed to trading futures. Index-Based ETFs Exchange-traded funds, often known as ETFs, are quickly becoming one of the most common investments due to their low costs and high returns. Due to the high liquidity of these ETFs and the cheap transaction costs associated with trading them, they benefit long-term investors and day traders. For day traders, the ideal investments are exchange-traded funds (ETFs) that are carefully chosen based on standard indices like the S&P 500 or other commodities like gold.  Conclusion Traders need to know what they're doing with a particular financial instrument, they shouldn't pick it to trade. When a trader lacks even rudimentary knowledge of an instrument, trading it solely because it is at the peak of a trading ranking is a surefire recipe for disaster. Before beginning trading with any instrument, traders should do their homework and become familiar with the fundamentals and the likelihood of profitability. A trusted forex broker like HFM is a good start for a beginner still learning the ropes.   