At Tuesday’s session, 12 properties in Lot 4, located in highbrow areas of Ikoyi and Lekki peninsular of Lagos State were offered for sale through competitive bidding. Six bidders on Tuesday emerged winners of different properties as the sale of forfeited real estate assets by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, through sealed bids, entered the second day in Abuja, Nigeria’s capital.  At Tuesday’s session, 12 properties in Lot 4, located in highbrow areas of Ikoyi and Lekki peninsular of Lagos State were offered for sale through competitive bidding.  In a statement on Tuesday night, EFCC spokesperson, Wilson Uwujaren, revealed that at the end of the exercise, the bids for six properties were successful, while those in respect of the remaining six properties were unsuccessful on the grounds of non-compliance with the guidelines or the falling short of the reserved price by the highest bids.  Uwujaren said, “The properties listed serially in the Lot as numbers 4, 7, 8, 9 10, and 12 in respect of which no bid was successful, were re-opened to fresh bids until Friday, January 13, 2023, with the exception of the properties listed as numbers 9 and 12, which bid opening are slated for Monday, January 16, 2023. Over 90 bidders participated in today’s exercise.  “One of the bid winners, Olaore Adebayo commended the transparency of the exercise. ‘I want to thank the EFCC for this opportunity. We came here not knowing anybody at the EFCC and I am glad that our efforts were not in vain. I want the EFCC to extend more opportunities like this to the public so that more people can benefit,’” the bidder was quoted as saying. The country’s anti-corruption agency recently announced the sale of properties that are subjects of Final Forfeiture Orders.  EFCC had in a series of tweets said, “The properties consisting of 61 Units of Luxury Apartments, Plots of Lands and Apartments across the country are being offered for sale in accordance with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (Establishment) Act, 2004 Public Procurement Act, 2007 and the Proceeds of Crime (Recovery and Management) Act, 2022.  “The distribution of the properties are: 24 Units of luxurious block of flats at Banana Island, Lagos; 21 Units of Luxury Terrace and Block of Flats at Thornburn, Yaba, Lagos; 16 Units of 4 Bedrooms Terrace Duplex at Heritage Court Estate, Port Harcourt;  “Others are Apartments and Plots of Land in Lagos State; Apartments and Plots of Land within Abuja Metropolis; Plots of land and Apartment in Anambra, Ebonyi and Gombe States.  “Apartments and Plot of Land in Kaduna, Delta and Edo States; Hotel, Plaza and Apartments in Kwara State and Apartments and Plots of land in Cross River, Osun and Oyo States.  “The auction is open to members of the public with the exception of individuals/corporate entities who have been/or are being prosecuted by the EFCC; Directors of such companies and employees of the EFCC.  “A competitive bidding process is being adopted for the disposal of the properties. The bid forms which can be downloaded from the EFCC website http://efcc.gov.ng must be submitted alongside 10% of the bid amount in Certified Bank Drafts payable to Economic and Financial Crimes Commission.  “If the sum exceeds N10 million, multiple Certified Bank Drafts must be provided; drafts of unsuccessful bidders will be returned once the bidding process is concluded.”