Atiku’s ex-media aide, Michael Achimugu some days ago released an audio conversation with the former Vice President where he (Atiku) admitted that he created organisations including Marine Float, through which he embezzled Nigeria’s money during former President Olusegun Obasanjo’s administration. The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has insisted that the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, must be disqualified with immediate effect, arrested and prosecuted over the money laundering allegations made by his former media aide. Atiku’s ex-media aide, Michael Achimugu some days ago released an audio conversation with the former Vice President where he (Atiku) admitted that he created organisations including Marine Float, through which he embezzled Nigeria’s money during former President Olusegun Obasanjo’s administration.  At the World Press Conference jointly organised on Monday by the members of the Tinubu/Shettima Presidential Campaign Council Media Directorate, the APC presidential campaign team demanded the immediate disqualification, arrest and prosecution of the PDP presidential candidate before the 2023 general elections.  Speaking on behalf of the media directorate at the press conference monitored by SaharaReporters, spokesperson for the APC presidential campaign council, Festus Keyamo said, "There were other two companies that he did not mention but he mentioned Marine Float by which they were syphoning money from the public coffers.  "From the oral account of the whistleblower, the voice note and all other documents, these are the possible infractions of law Atiku Abubakar has committed and we urge his prosecution along these areas.  "He has committed possible offences against the Code of Conduct for public offices. Check sections 5, 10, 13 and 17 of Code of Conduct Bureau and Tribunal Act which states as follows:  "Section 5 says, ‘A public officer shall not put himself in a position where his personal interest conflicts with his duties and responsibilities.’ Section 13 says ‘A public officer shall not do or direct to be done in abuse of his office, any act prejudicial to the rights of any other person knowing that such act is unlawful or contrary to the government policy’.  "Section 17 says ‘a public officer who does any act prohibited by this act through a nominee, trustee or other agents shall be deemed in so facto to have committed a breach of this act’.  "There are also offences against money laundering. Section 18 of the Money Laundering, Prevention and Prohibition Act, 2022 subsection 2 states as follows: ‘Any person or body corporate in or outside Nigeria who directly or indirectly conceals or disguises the origin or convert, transfers, removes from jurisdictions or acquires, uses, retains or takes possession or control of any fund or property intentionally, knowingly or reasonably have known that such fund or property is or forms part of the proceeds of an unlawful act, commits an offence of money laundering under this act.’"  The APC also said there is a possibility of criminal breach of trust considering that section 311 of the Penal Code states that whoever has been in any manner entrusted with property or with any dominion over property dishonestly misappropriates or converts it to his personal use or causes another to do so commits criminal breach of trust.  The campaign team said Atiku does not enjoy immunity simply because he is a presidential candidate.  "We are saying this because we understand that law enforcement agencies may be reluctant to act simply because of the perception or the persecution of the presidential candidate this may invoke.  "However, facts are sacred and the facts that have so far been presented to the world show that Atiku Abubakar has a case to answer. He has an explanation to make. He has to be arrested, invited. He is not God. He must be invited." Director of New Media, APC Presidential Campaign Council, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode called Atiku a “criminal”, who should be arrested.