There was reported violence in the Ojota area of Lagos on Monday as some members of Yoruba Nation agitators held a rally in the area. The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC) for the 2023 general elections, Omoyele Sowore, has condemned in strongest terms, the alleged killing of two protesters in Lagos State by some operatives of the Nigeria Police Force. There was reported violence in the Ojota area of Lagos on Monday as some members of Yoruba Nation agitators held a rally in the area. A Twitter user, YorubaGlobalYouth, shared a picture of a lifeless man and a video reportedly captured during the riot.   The user captioned the multimedia elements as follows: “BREAKING NEWS! TWO PEOPLE HAVE BEEN REPORTED KILLED BY THE NIGERIAN POLICE AT THE YORUBA NATION OJOTA PEACEFUL MEGA RALLY TODAY 9TH JANUARY, 2023. IT WAS MEANT TO BE PEACEFUL!!!” It was reported that the Yoruba Nation agitators had planned to hold a mega rally at Ojota for their self-determination struggle but in the course of the protest, there ensued a clash between police and the protesters during which one person was reportedly killed by the police. Meanwhile, Foundation for Investigative Journalism reported that a source said one person and not two were killed. It said there was a clash involving two groups suspected to be Oduduwa Peoples Congress and Yoruba Nation agitators in the early hours of Monday during which one person was killed. The source was quoted as saying that police arrived at the scene and used tear gas to disperse the crowd. “Ojota is up in smoke, police are shooting teargas, and one person is dead. There was a clash between the OPC and Yoruba Nation,” the source said. But the Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer, SP Benjamin Hundeyin told newsmen that normalcy had been restored, but said, “I don’t have the details, once I have the details, I will let you know.” Reacting to the incident, Sowore said, "Blood thirsty Nigeria Police Force @PoliceNG reportedly killed two Yoruba Nation agitators at a peaceful rally in Ojota, Lagos today. "I totally condemn this unprovoked murder of peaceful demonstrators. #WeCantContinueLikeThis." Blood thirsty Nigeria Police Force @PoliceNG reportedly kill two Yoruba Nation agitators at a peaceful rally in Ojota, Lagos today. I totally condemn this unprovoked murder of peaceful demonstrators. #WeCantContinueLikeThis — Omoyele Sowore (@YeleSowore) January 9, 2023