The house of the suspect in the city of Castrop-Rauxel was searched as part of the investigation, according to a joint press release from the Duesseldorf public prosecutor's office and police in the cities of Recklinghausen and Muenste. The police in Germany have detained a 32-year-old Iranian citizen and his brother suspected of planning a deadly poison cyanide and ricin to commit an "Islamist-motivated" attack, CBS News has reported.
The house of the suspect in the city of Castrop-Rauxel was searched as part of the investigation, according to a joint press release from the Duesseldorf public prosecutor's office and police in the cities of Recklinghausen and Muenste.
According to German authorities, the suspects were planning a "serious act of violence endangering the state" by allegedly procuring cyanide and ricin to commit an Islamist-motivated attack.
If found guilty of the offence, they may be liable for a prison sentence of between 6 months and 10 years.
The German Federal Criminal Police Office has been investigating the Iranians for several days, according to the Düsseldorf Attorney General's Office. The FBI in the United States reportedly alerted German authorities to the possibility of a chemical attack.
The attorney general's office stated that no cyanide or ricin were discovered during the search of the 32-year-old man's apartment.
According to the prosecutor's office, the man came to Germany as a refugee, claiming to be a Christian persecuted in Iran.
His older brother was previously convicted of attempted murder after he threw a tree branch off a bridge onto a highway, seriously injuring a woman. He had recently been a resident at a drug rehabilitation facility, but he had been permitted to return home for the weekend.
According to the prosecutor general's office, taskforce members were still searching two garages on property linked to the man on Monday, and members of the fire department's Analytical Taskforce were deployed to ensure safe handling of any dangerous substances.
Following the operation in Castrop-Rauxel, North Rhine-Westphalia state Interior Minister Herbert Reul urged German politicians to use intelligence tools more effectively, such as internet monitoring capabilities, to detect and disrupt such plots more quickly.
Germany has strict data protection and surveillance laws that largely prohibit domestic agencies from spying on citizens' online activities or monitoring their movements, though the country does generally respond quickly to foreign-gathered intelligence.
"The important thing is to know early on who is planning something," Reul said on a morning show of Germany's public broadcaster ARD. He said he didn't understand why Germany was neglecting opportunities offered by modern surveillance.
"We are very cautious about this in Germany," he said, adding that, “Thankfully, international cooperation among security authorities worked well enough to disrupt the alleged plot and catch the accused men.”