This comes in light of the barrage of criticism levelled against his family in his new book, Spare. A source claimed that the UK Royal Family has made it clear that Prince Harry will not be welcomed at his father, King Charles' coronation in May this year. This comes in light of the barrage of criticism levelled against his family in his new book, Spare. Daily Mail reports that senior royals have baulked at the thought of spending time with him at the historical event in case their conversations 'end up in the paperback' edition of his memoir, The Sun reported. Meanwhile, it is unclear whether Charles will invite his younger son to the coronation, or whether Prince Harry would accept. Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex launched an attempted charm offensive this week, appearing on US talkback shows mocking royal protocol to promote his bestselling memoir, Spare, according to Daily Mail. But he did not say if he will attend the coronation of his father. In the publicity blitz for Spare, the Duke of Sussex told Tom Bradby that "a lot can happen between now and then" when asked if he will go to see his father crowned in May. However, one source was said to have claimed that "the family expects Harry and Meghan to find a reason not to be there." Another source was quoted as saying, "There have been discussions among the family, including Edward and Anne. "They do not want private conversations at the coronation making it into the paperback edition of Spare." The coronation which is just 16 weeks away will be a smaller affair than ever before, which is a reflection of King Charles' ambitions for a slimmed-down monarchy. The palace has yet to publish plans for the ceremony and the guest list has not yet been agreed. It was gathered that organisers of the coronation said the event will "reflect the monarch's role today" and "look towards the future while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry." It was reported that His Majesty had resigned himself to Harry not attending the May 6 celebration, and it would be very "hard for them [the Sussexes]" to attend, a royal source who is close to the family claimed, after "what has been said." The source also explained the family expect the Sussexes will politely provide a reason not to attend, even if they were to be invited.