 The spokesman for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential Campaign Council, Daniel Bwala has said the Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi, cannot win more than three states in the 2023 general elections. Bwala, who said this on Wednesday, described the Labour Party as a “social media political party”. He further mocked Obi's supporters for celebrating the endorsement of the former Anambra governor by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. “It is interesting that not long ago they were saying Arthur Eze has only one vote, but now they are saying OBJ has delivered victory them. This social media political party cannot win more than 3 states,” he said on Twitter. On Sunday, Obasanjo endorsed Obi for president in the 2023 general elections saying though all the candidates are not saints, Obi stands out among them. A recent survey conducted by Market Trends International (MTI) on all presidential candidates showed that Obi came up ahead of Atiku Abubakar of the PDP, Bola Tinubu of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and Rabiu Kwankwaso of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), among others. Commenting on the outcome of the survey, the Executive Director of the agency, Victor Ebhomenye, in a statement said that the opinion survey conducted nationwide gave Obi the highest point – 44 per cent. The MTI boss said the survey result came as a surprise to Nigerians as the Labour Party and its presidential candidate had no presence in the Nigerian presidential scene as of December 2021. However, in October 2022, the Fitch Solutions Country Risk and Industry Research predicted that the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, will likely win the 2023 presidential election. The report, however, added that Tinubu’s victory would trigger political unrest and protests because of his party’s Muslim-Muslim ticket. “We maintain our view that the ruling party’s Bola Ahmed Tinubu is the candidate most likely to win the presidential election as a split opposition vote will favour the APC. “Protests and social discontent are likely to ramp up in the aftermath of a Tinubu win since this would end the recent trend of the presidency alternating between Muslims and Christians. “Since Nigeria’s return to democracy in 1999, there has been an informal agreement that resulted in the presidency alternating between northern and southern states, as well as between Christians and Muslims. “A win for Tinubu would break with this unwritten tradition and likely fuel sentiment of perceived marginalisation among Christians,” the report said in part.