Kwankwaso, who said this on Wednesday while speaking on his political objectives for Nigeria at the Chatham House in London, the United Kingdom, said he initially wanted to align with the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, to oust the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and defeat the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), but the Labour Party was enjoying a serious media hype and therefore failed to see the reason why Obi should be his running mate. The presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Rabiu Kwankwaso, has said the difference between his party and the Labour Party is that while the Labour Party is ethnic and religious-based, his party is a national party.  Kwankwaso, who said this on Wednesday while speaking on his political objectives for Nigeria at the Chatham House in London, the United Kingdom, said he initially wanted to align with the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, to oust the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and defeat the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), but the Labour Party was enjoying a serious media hype and therefore failed to see the reason why Obi should be his running mate. The NNPP and the Labour Party had wanted to form an alliance for the 2023 general elections but while Kwankwaso wanted Obi of the Labour Party to be his running mate, Obi also wanted to be the presidential candidate.  Kwankwaso said, “If you have a party which is based on ethnicity and religion, that is the difference between the Labour Party and of course, our party which is a national party, New Nigeria Peoples Party.”  He further called on Nigerians to be Nigerians rather than being inclined to religion and ethnicity, noting that while we accuse leaders of one negative thing or the other, the followers also must learn how to be Nigerians.  He said, “While we accuse leaders of being one thing or the other negative, I think the followers also must learn how to be Nigerians, not coming from one part of the country. I was one of those initially wanting to add together with the Labour Party but unfortunately, at that time, the Labour was under very serious media hype and therefore they could not see reason and is still not seeing reason, that I will withdraw.  “I wish we didn’t go to that extent; you would have said to work with Labour or to work with APC or to work with PDP. That would have been more responsible.”