He assured the people that the presidential candidate of PDP, Atiku Abubakar, had what it took to reposition the country.  The Bayelsa State Governor, Douye Diri, has vowed to depose any traditional ruler in the state who allows politicians in his domain to use guns in intimidating voters and rig the forthcoming general elections. Speaking during the flag-off of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) campaign for Bayelsa Central Senatorial District on Monday in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State capital, the governor also warned that any community that where intimidation and rigging occurred, youth leaders of that community would also be sanctioned. He urged the people of the state to rally around and support all the candidates of PDP during the election, for the party to come and correct the economic woes perpetrated in the country by APC led government. He assured the people that the presidential candidate of PDP, Atiku Abubakar, had what it took to reposition the country. He said, “As for traditional rulers, I have told them, any traditional ruler in whose domain that any politician uses gun to drive away any other party, that traditional ruler will be dispose. I am now advising, after now; I will take action through my deputy governor who is the head. “The youths in such place will be de-recognise and I meant every word that comes out of my mouth; the traditional rulers will remain apolitical, youths have to be discipline, politics is not to go and kill your brother.” “I urge the people of Bayelsa State to continue to have the undying spirit of the PDP, in all our polling units, we have an undying spirit, in all of our wards, we have an undying spirit, and we will continue to make sure that we bring development, infrastructures, human capital development to Bayelsa State," he said. In his remarks, the Peoples Democratic Party chairman in the state, Solomon Agwanana, said the strength of PDP was in the hands of every one of them because they had given their support to the administration. 