 Ifeanyi Ejiofor, the lead counsel of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, has given an update on the appeal suit against the Nigerian government before the Supreme Court of Nigeria. This was according to a press statement released by Ifeanyi Ejiofor via his Twitter handle on Thursday. Ejiofor vowed that the legal team was ready to ensure a fruitful outing before the Supreme Court. He said, “We visited our indefatigable Client – Onyendu Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, today, being the 19th day of January, 2023, at the DSS detention facility, Abuja. “Our briefing with Onyendu today exclusively centered on the routine updates on the ongoing actions on our appeal before the Supreme Court, which details remain private. Onyendu was delighted with the level of progress so far recorded. “Be assured that we are not leaving any stone unturned towards a fruitful outing before the Supreme Court. ChukwuOkike Abiama is always on the throne. “As usual, Onyendu extended his deep sense of gratitude and love to Ezigbo UmuChineke, even as he urged you all to continue to sustain the prevalent peaceful tempo, as you have been doing. “Thank you all, Ezigbo UmuChineke, and remain blessed,” he added. Meanwhile, In November 2022, SaharaReporters reported that Aloy Ejimakor, special counsel for Nnamdi Kanu and leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) served the Nigerian secret police, Department of State Services (DSS), a final administrative demand to release the detained IPOB leader without further delay. According to Ejimakor, this is in line with the 26th October Judgment of the Federal High Court Umuahia, Abia State. SaharaReporters had reported that the court in its judgment held that "the continued detention of Nnamdi Kanu at the SSS (also known as DSS) in Abuja amounts to a brazen violation of his fundamental rights under the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria". Ejimakor in a statement made available to SaharaReporters insisted that the failure of the government to comply with this demand to release his client will trigger prompt judicial measures to enforce compliance.