SaharaReporters had reported that Governor Akeredolu in the wake of the incident imposed a 24-hour curfew on Ikare-Akoko, headquarters of Akoko Northeast Local Government Area. Residents of Ikare-Akoko in the Akoko Northeast Local Government Area of Ondo State have called on Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu and security agencies to ensure the arrest and prosecution of the perpetrators of the fracas that occurred during the New Year carnival that led to the destruction of houses in the area. SaharaReporters had reported that Governor Akeredolu in the wake of the incident imposed a 24-hour curfew on Ikare-Akoko, headquarters of Akoko Northeast Local Government Area. It reported that fracas broke out in the town on Tuesday, January 3, 2023, when a youth carnival celebration in the town turned violent. A resident told SaharaReporters that the crisis started at the venue after an argument between two youth groups escalated into a free-for-all. He however added that the clash may be connected with the power tussle between the Olukare of Ikare, Oba Akadiri Saliu Momoh and Chief Idowu Ogunye, Olokoja of Okoja, Ikare-Akoko, Ondo State. In August 2022, the state government elevated the Owa-Ale to the status of a first-class traditional ruler, giving the town two first-class monarchs. However, Governor Akeredolu, while announcing the imposition of the curfew through his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Richard Olatunde, said the decision was reached at the State Security Council. While asking security agencies to ensure strict compliance with the order as investigations into the crisis continued, the governor said, “For emphasis, Ikare Akoko has been closed down for any unauthorised human movement and activity until further notice." But reacting to the incident, some residents who spoke to SaharaReporters on condition of anonymity, queried how people from Iyometa could massacre the rival group with guns belonging to Amotekun, Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN). They alleged that the Amotekun Commandant is from bias towards the side given an advantage. They insisted that the curfew imposed by the government to stop retaliation from Ikare people was not enough and would not resolve the crisis unless the perpetrators of the violence were arrested and prosecuted. One of the residents who spoke to SaharaReporters stated, "It's highly disheartening and brain rioting when the lives of people are toyed with by someone entrusted at the helm of affairs. Such is the paradox of what went on in Ikare Akoko in Ondo State on January 4, 2023. "Whenever a leopard claims to rule over the territory of a lion, there must be fire on the mountain."  Narrating how the crisis started, he said, "To be precise, about what really happened in Ikare Akoko now, it was a clear trespass and stepping on the toes of others. Each community organises the so-called 'carnival' to mark the end of the year and the new year festival. "Okoja community was doing their own when former Chief Okokoja that had aligned himself and his supporters to Owa Ale from Iyometa stopped and scattered them. While everyone was trying to escape to safety, the oppressors killed one and many others sustained injuries. "As these people retired back to Iyometa, they reinforced with sophisticated guns and other dangerous weapons; houses and shops were burnt down after being looted. In fact, part of Osele market was razed down. "Ikare people gathered at Olukare's palace for the last order in order to rescue their people at Okoja but Olukare of Ikare refused declaration of war. He said the government would intervene in the issue. "It is really unfortunate that nothing positive has emanated from the government than to say that if the two Obas are not careful, he will dethrone them. Our concerns are how people from Iyometa massacred the other side with Amotekun guns simply because the Amotekun Commandant is from that side. "Government only ordered a curfew without arresting any of the perpetrators. It now shows clearly that the government only imposed the curfew to stop retaliation from Ikare people. Where are we heading to? Prominent and reasonable people should endeavour to help put an end to all unprogressive and devastating happenings in Ikare Akoko."