MASSOB stated this in a statement issued on Friday in reaction to the killing of a woman at the rally organised by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Enugu West senatorial candidate in Awgu, Awgu local government area of Enugu State on Wednesday, by hoodlums masquerading as unknown gunmen. Pro-Biafra group, Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) has condemned the gruesome murder of innocent citizens under the guise of fighting for Biafra. MASSOB stated this in a statement issued on Friday in reaction to the killing of a woman at the rally organised by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Enugu West senatorial candidate in Awgu, Awgu local government area of Enugu State on Wednesday, by hoodlums masquerading as unknown gunmen. The pro-Biafra group in the statement signed by its National Director of Information, Edeson Samuel, declared that killing your brothers and sisters in the name of Biafra, was no longer agitation for Biafran freedom. According to the statement, "it is evil and abomination in Igbo land for one to kill his own brother or sisters because of their different beliefs.” MASSOB regretted the unfortunate killing of an innocent woman in Awgu on Wednesday, at PDP campaign rally, describing it as a sacrilege and should be condemned by peace loving citizens. "MASSOB has maintained its stand on Biafra agitation which remains sacrosanct, but you can't get Biafra by killing your people because they belong to one political party or the other. You can gain their support through sensitization and not by forcing them to join you. "MASSOB wish to make it clear that these killer squad are working against Igbo interest," alleging that they have been paid by the enemies to destroy Igbo land for the advantage of the few disgruntled politicians and political office holders who only sees the chaotic situation as their political advantage. "They have destroyed the economy of Ndigbo. They have turned South East into war zone and killing people at will. The attack on the innocent citizens of Awgu and killing unarmed woman, inflicted others with injury is clear evidence that they are truly enemies of Ndigbo. "MASSOB is pleading with these unknown gunmen to rethink if actually they are working for Biafra actualisation. “Onye gburu nwa nne ya aburo dike”- He who killed his brother is not a hero. "You cannot be agitating for the freedom of Biafra at the same time killing the same Biafrans." MASSOB, however, swooped on the governors of the region, describing them political criminals who only created the chaos through their selfish interest, because some of them wanted to succeed Muhammadu Buhari as president. "South-East governors have failed our people. They are shameless. All they know is stealing state funds and building personal castles while their subjects are being killed on a daily basis.” 