The organised labour on Thursday declared their support for Sanwo-Olu and Tinubu, saying they would not support Labour Party and all its candidates in the state in the forthcoming general elections. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and the Trade Union Congress (TUC) in Lagos State have dumped the Labour Party and its presidential candidate, Peter Obi as they throw their weight behind the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu and the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu. The organised labour on Thursday declared their support for Sanwo-Olu and Tinubu, saying they would not support Labour Party and all its candidates in the state in the forthcoming general elections. The organised labour on Thursday declared their support for Sanwo-Olu and Tinubu, saying they would not support Labour Party and all its candidates in the state in the forthcoming general elections. The Lagos state chapters of the workers' unions made the declaration at a rally tagged ‘Labour 4 Sanwo-Olu’ held at the Police College, Ikeja, Leadership reports.  Speaking during the rally, the leader of NLC in the state, Agnes Funmilayo Sessi, who led the union’s members to the rally, was quoted as saying that it was the first time that labour unions in the state would come out to endorse the candidates of any political party.  The NLC leader said the unions had been sitting on the fence, but now want to take their fates into their hands by supporting Governor Sanwo-Olu’s second-term re-election bid and other APC candidates including its presidential candidate, Tinubu.  She said, “Today’s not the day of making speeches because before we came here, we all agreed. We had our congresses and at our congress, we have done something very important. We only want to come and display it publicly. What we have done right in our house, let us show it to the world.  "This is the first time that Labour in Lagos State will come out openly like this to come and show support and solidarity, to come out to endorse any candidate of any party. We have never done it before. But we are doing this because of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu.  “Some people might be surprised why we come out; we are not politicians. We have only been sitting on the fence but this time around we want to be part of it so that we can be part of the government. We have come out with our full chests because this government has done good things for us.  “We are also endorsing Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the president of Federal Republic of Nigeria. We will vote for him.”  Similarly, the Lagos State TUC chairman, Gbenga Ekundayo, said, “There is no need to beat about the bush. You have heard it well. Each time we meet Mr Governor, he responds to us. Democracy is about inclusion."