NANS-D earlier in the year elected new leaders. The National Association of Nigerian Students in Diaspora (NANS-D) has inaugurated new members of its executive council, led by Abdulrazak Abdulrahman Abubakar, a student at a higher institution in South Africa.  NANS-D earlier in the year elected new leaders.  The inauguration was held on Sunday and witnessed by the Vice President, External Affairs of the National Association of Nigerian Students, Comrade Akinteye Babatunde, who represented the President of the Association.  NANS is an association of all Nigerian students in Nigeria and beyond.  A statement from the association read, “Today, the National Association of Nigerian Students in Diaspora inaugurated the newly elected executives. The programme witnessed the presence of dignitaries ranging from the student bodies, private sector and public opinion leaders and the NANS-Nigeria representative Comr Akinteye Babatunde Afeez. NANS National Vice President (External Affairs).  “The programme was coordinated and directed by the then constituted interim executives led by Comr. Opeoluwa Seun Ojekemi (Phd) from Turkey zone.  “The programme kicked off by 12:00pm Nigerian time, and after visiting the preceding business of the day, Comr. Abdulrazak Abdulrahman Abubakar a master of financial engineering candidate from the University of Johannesburg South Africa was sworn in as the President of the National Association of Nigerian Students in Diaspora alongside other executive members and senators by Vice President external NANS-Nigeria.  “In his outgoing speech the interim Chairman Comr. Opeoluwa Seun Ojekemi (Phd) congratulated the newly elected executives while urging them to consolidate on his achievements. In the same vein, the Vice President External affairs NANS-Nigeria Comr Akinteye Babatunde Afeez joined the chairman in congratulating the newly sworn-in excos and assured them of his constant support and collaboration for the betterment of the association.  “While responding to the congratulatory messages and in his acceptance speech, the newly inaugurated president of NANS-Diaspora Comr. Abdulrazak Abdulrahman Abubakar posited that taking NANS-Diaspora to the next enviable level will be the focus of the newly inaugurated leaders, this he promised to achieve by first consolidating on the amazing achievements of the past leaders and chatting new causes that will be of measurable value to the association and Nigerian Students at large.”  Other inaugurated officials are Ahmed Tijani Musa, Vice President 1 (China); Muhammad Ibrahim, Vice President 2 (Togo); Muhammad Sanusi, General Secretary (Egypt); Muhammad Yusuf Yunusa, Assistant General Secretary (Tunisia); Chibuike Divine, Public Relations Officer 1 (Turkey) and Emmanuella Emehim, Legal Adviser (Uganda).