A transcultural organisation, Trans Cultural Mindfulness Alliance particularly said that the tune of the song released in 1967 as a single by Queen of Soul, helps perpetuate harmful anti-trans stereotypes, Daily Mail reports. Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer or questioning, intersex, and asexual (LGBTQIA) activists have demanded the removal of the song ‘Natural Woman’ by Aretha Franklin, describing it as being 'offensive,' to transgenders.  A transcultural organisation, Trans Cultural Mindfulness Alliance particularly said that the tune of the song released in 1967 as a single by Queen of Soul, helps perpetuate harmful anti-trans stereotypes, Daily Mail reports.  The Norway-based Trans Cultural Mindfulness Alliance (TCMA) which is reportedly leading the demand for the removal of the song from Spotify and Apple music, started the demand this year and has since made its presence known with a series of polarizing posts on social media.  Statements made by the organization, according to the Daily Mail report claimed that it is genuine and not a parody account and have generated outrage.  The TCMA post, which many perceived as satire, started by asserting that the song is offensive to transgender people and that “there is no such thing as a "natural" woman.  The organisation stated that “Aretha Franklin's 1968 song "Natural Woman" perpetuates multiple harmful anti-trans stereotypes,” erroneously listing the song's September 1967 release as coming in 1968.  It added, “There is no such thing as a "natural" woman,' the organization went on to declare, before claiming the song has already 'helped inspire acts of harm against transgender women.”  TCMA said it is requesting the song be “removed from Spotify & Apple Music.”  The post which is reportedly the organisation’s first-ever on social media would go on to garner national attention, amassing more than 300,000 views in a matter of days.  Daily Mail reports that in terms of likes, however, reception was more lukewarm with the post as of Monday only boasting just over 100.  Reacting to the demand, social media users quickly questioned whether or not the account, started just days ago, was a joke designed to fan the flames fueling the ongoing war between progressives and the political right.  But other posts that would follow contained statements deemed by many to be equally controversial and some even more so.  “There have been zero meaningful studies into the gender identities of pets,” one post published later in the day by the organisation read, in which organizers told parents that children should be able to decide on their pets' gender.  Organisers wrote that it seems meaningless, but many children learn gender from their pets,” adding that “Just because you bring home a "gendered" pet, allow your child to choose the gender of the pet - don't assign it one "at will."'