The spokesperson for the APC PCC, Festus Keyamo, in a series of tweets he released on Monday, said residents of the northern region viewed Atiku as an untrustworthy and dishonest person who does not deserve their massive votes during the 2023 poll. The All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council has explained why the northern region will not vote for the presidential candidate of the People Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar at the February general election. The spokesperson for the APC PCC, Festus Keyamo, in a series of tweets he released on Monday, said residents of the northern region viewed Atiku as an untrustworthy and dishonest person who does not deserve their massive votes during the 2023 poll. He said, “The problem with Atiku is he thinks Buhari just woke up to get 12 million votes in the kitty from a section of the country because of ethnicity. No. Buhari built a legacy of honesty & forthrightness over the years. Atiku’s legacies are DIRECT OPPOSITES of these. #AtikuIsNotBuhari. “In the final days to voting, Atiku plans to unleash all manners of religious and tribal sentiments to sway voters in the North. Unfortunately for him, the North has since written him off as an untrustworthy and dishonest person not worthy of their bulk support. #AtikuIsNotBuhari,” Keyamo tweeted.  The problem with Atiku is he thinks Buhari just woke up to get 12 million votes in the kitty from a section of the country because of ethnicity. No. Buhari built a legacy of honesty & forthrightness over the years. Atiku’s legacies are DIRECT OPPOSITES of these. #AtikuIsNotBuhari — Festus Keyamo, SAN (@fkeyamo) January 30, 2023  In a similar development, SaharaReporters had earlier reported that Keyamo, on behalf of the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential campaign council, dragged Atiku Abubakar before an Abuja Division of the Federal High Court. Keyamo is seeking an order of the court to arrest and investigate Atiku over bank accounts used as "Special Purpose Vehicles" to secretly divert and misappropriate public funds between 1999 and 2007. In the Suit marked No: FHC/ABJ/CS/84/2023, which SaharaReporters sighted on Friday, Festus Keyamo, SAN is listed as Plaintiff while, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, Code Of Conduct Bureau, Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC) and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission were listed as Defendants 1 to 4. 