It is a revolution that will bring a total change, it will change the course of history, make life great for people in this country, make everything that ought to be for people get to them. The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore, has said that Nigerians would understand what “revolution” means when they have a revolutionary government in power. Sowore noted that his government hoped to bring “revolutionary institutional reforms” in the sectors of security, economy, power, education, technology among others. The AAC presidential candidate stated these in an interview with Fresh FM, Ibadan Oyo State. He said, “We are now in the age of democracy and Nigeria became a democratic nation through our track record and that's far bigger. “Had I not done that with the young people of then, there wouldn't be elections or political parties. “We are the frontrunners in creating the path towards democracy and every other thing I have done ever since then points to the fact that I have been consistent in building and strengthening the culture of democracy in the country without getting paid for it.” Speaking on the need for revolution, he added “I am not trying to build a Toyota truck called revolution. It is a revolution that will bring a total change, it will change the course of history, make life great for people in this country, make everything that ought to be for people get to them. Not a system that changes from time to time.” “There will be solid but revolutionary institutional reforms in which we would deal with the issues of security, power sector, unemployment, education, technology and sustainability.” Facing the anchors he said, “You will understand what it means to have a revolution when you live under a revolutionary government.” Meanwhile, in a similar interview on Agidigbo 88.7FM, Ibadan, Sowore emphasised that as pupils and later student leaders, he benefitted from Chief Obafemi Awolowo’s free education and he hoped to replicate that. He revealed that AAC couldn't have more than eighteen gubernatorial candidates out of the thirty six states due to the issues with the party usurpers. Speaking on his relationship with the PRP, he confirmed that there was solid, productive alliance between the People's Redemption Party and his party, the AAC.