The local government area has been a hot spot for bandit activities largely being perpetrated by the hoodlums of Dankarami and one Ardo Nashawari.  There was confusion on Tuesday after gunmen suspected to be terrorists fired a volley of rocket-propelled grenades towards Birnin Magaji town, headquarters of Birnin Magaji local government area of Zamfara state, Northwest Nigeria, Daily Trust reports. Birnin Magaji local government area shares a boundary with the troubled Batsari local council area of neighbouring Katsina state. The local government area has been a hot spot for bandit activities largely being perpetrated by the hoodlums of Dankarami and one Ardo Nashawari. The newspaper quoted a vigilante leader as saying that the armed criminals earlier attacked some farmers tending to their lands just a kilometre east of the town. “As the farmers escaped unhurt, our well-standing group of vigilantes mobilised and pursued them. Gunfight erupted immediately. “The armed criminals called for reinforcement after they learnt that the vigilantes would not give up fighting. “A motorbike riding gang of armed men arrived and they immediately began to fire grenades towards our direction. The fired grenades fell short of the target. One of them exploded and left a large crater near a stream. “No one was killed or harmed in the attack and the assailants were forced to withdraw. It has been a tradition for us the vigilantes to always get armed to fortify our town knowing fully that the bandits can strike any day any time. “The other undetonated grenades were recovered the next day and were brought to emir’s palace for assessment and onward delivery to appropriate authorities,” the vigilante said. Both security agents and civilians have suffered several attacks at the hands of terrorists in Zamfara State in recent times. Agrarian communities in the state have also been terrorised by gangs who raid villages, steal cattle and kidnap residents for ransom. In 2019, the state government signed a peace agreement with the gunmen. About 15 brand new Hilux vehicles and cash gifts were also given to leaders of different 'repentant' gangs of bandits by the governor in 2020. But despite all these, communities in the state are still being attacked and residents kidnapped and/or killed. 