The student in a live broadcast on her social media handle, TikTok after defending her National Diploma thanked God and her private parts for making her a graduate. The Federal Polytechnic, Nekede, Owerri, Imo State, has launched an investigation into a claim made by a student of the institution that she graduated with the help of God and her private parts. The student in a live broadcast on her social media handle, TikTok after defending her National Diploma thanked God and her private parts for making her a graduate. The viral video has since generated public outrage with many calling for disciplinary action to be meted out against her by the institution. Reacting, the school management on Monday announced that it had launched an investigation into the lady’s claim. A statement issued by the registrar of the institution, Mrs. E. C. Anuna, described the lady’s claim as blasphemous and against the moral standard of the institution, The Punch Reports. The statement read, “This is to inform the general public that the Management of Federal Polytechnic Nekede has begun full investigations into the identity of the student who gloated on TikTok about how she graduated with the help of God and her private organ. It is even most blasphemous and antithetical that the said student peddled the name of the Almighty in her deleterious act. “The management considers the action of the student most unacceptable and preposterous. The Federal Polytechnic Nekede prides itself as an institution with high academic and moral standards. Both staff and students are quite aware of the consequences of any misconduct. In an unprecedented move, the management through the various disciplinary committees had released hot lines through which students could report any act of exploitation or corruption. These committees are diligent in ensuring that any staff member or student found culpable is meted out with appropriate punishment. “The despicable post of this supposed student does not therefore represent the standard of our institution. The Rector of the institution, being a clergyman, has been very committed and consistent in instilling discipline in our students through seminars, Solemn Assemblies, sensitisation outreaches and publications. “When our investigations are over, we shall make our findings and pronouncements public. It is in our purview to ensure that only students found worthy in learning and character are certified. This is a commitment to which we shall remain consistently resolute.” 