Speaking through Phrank Shaibu, his Special Assistant on Public Communications, in a statement sent to SaharaReporters, the PDP candidate said the constant gaffes of the APC presidential candidate which started as a comic relief was slowly becoming a tragedy, an embarrassment to Nigeria which is Africa’s largest nation.  The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Atiku Abubakar, has asked the All Progressives Congress to replace its presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, to put an end to more embarrassments for the party. Speaking through Phrank Shaibu, his Special Assistant on Public Communications, in a statement sent to SaharaReporters, the PDP candidate said the constant gaffes of the APC presidential candidate which started as a comic relief was slowly becoming a tragedy, an embarrassment to Nigeria which is Africa’s largest nation. The statement read, “The constant gaffes of All Progressives Congress Presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, which started as a comic relief is slowly becoming a tragedy, an embarrassment to Nigeria, Africa’s largest nation. “Since Tinubu declared his intention to contest, he has made over 20 gaffes publicly. These gaffes, which have provided online skit makers with comic content, are no longer a laughing matter but a tragic embarrassment to a nation in dire need of salvation. “In his latest rally in Akwa Ibom State, Tinubu said he made Atiku Abubakar the Senate President when it is on record that Atiku has never contested any legislative election before. “I make bold to say that, apart from his questionable background and records, Tinubu’s endless gaffes and miscues are effects of his failing health. His degenerate mental faculty is a clear and present danger to national security. A man who lacks clear control of his mental faculties cannot lead a nation. “If Tinubu were contesting for the position of Grand Comedian of the Federal Republic (GCFR), his gaffes would have been appropriately classified as jokes. But he is running for the most exalted office in the land. Hence, these gaffes must not be overlooked. Shaibu added that Tinubu is not mentally and physically fit to lead Nigeria He said, “It is really not about his age since many leaders across the world are also advanced in age. It is about his mien, his utterances and faux pas. These are things that can no longer be ignored. In a bid to deceive the electorate, Tinubu and his allies have been saying that what Tinubu lacks in physical capacity, he makes up for it in intelligence because “Presidency of Nigeria is not wrestling but brain work”. “But sadly, it seems Tinubu’s physical strength is actually superior to his mental capacity, going by his numerous embarrassing utterances. Last Christmas, comedian Sabinus, based his entire stage performance on Tinubu’s many gaffes. The audience that gathered were almost rolling on the floor. “This is also the reason Tinubu has been depending on his surrogates to address important discussions. Even at Chatham House, London, Tinubu could not boldly answer the questions directed at him, preferring to hide under the excuse that he “believes in working with an unbreakable team”. This is funny since his dictatorial tendency has chased away Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo and Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola from his camp. “However, it must be noted that Aso Rock is neither a sanatorium nor a mental institution. To that extent Nigerians have a right to demand that any aspirant to that office should be in the best state of health. “Tinubu doesn’t believe in teamship. He is hiding his deficiencies and mental incapacity. Nigerians must not allow themselves to be deceived by this charlatan who claims to have built Lagos from scratch but cannot debate a simple economic policy without begging his handlers to bail him out.” 