The father of the twins, Mr Destiny Ojiko, who is said to be a commercial tricycle rider reportedly ran away on hearing the N433,500 hospital bill. A hospital in Warri, Delta State identified as Unique Health Medical Center, has allegedly seized a newborn baby over the parents’ inability to pay a hospital bill of over a month amounting to N383,500. The mother of the twins, Mrs Akpesiri Ojiko, delivered the two babies on November 17, 2022, at the general hospital in Warri, but one of the babies was taken to a private hospital on referral as a result of lack of bed space. Mrs Ojiko narrated her ordeal to The Punch and appealed to the state governor Ifeanyi Okowa and kind-hearted Nigerians to assist her so that she can have access to her baby. Mrs Ojiko said, “I give birth to the babies on November 17 last year, a male and a female at the general hospital Warri but the hospital management told us that they did not have bed space to accommodate the babies and they cannot keep the two babies in one bed. “They started calling some clinics to refer the baby but we refused because we know some of these clinics they mention, and we told them that they are expensive and that can’t pay their bills. “Finally, they referred us to Unique Health Medical Center here in Warri, we don’t have any options than to go. “The baby was to be discharged on November 27, 2022, but since we couldn’t pay the bill, the hospital seized the baby until we pay the balance the baby will not be released. “The bill is N433,500 before my sister brought N50,000. We have paid N50,000 for my sister brought, then we will pay the balance of N383,500 for my baby to be released. “My baby is about a month and some weeks while I have not set my eyes on the female baby for a month now, don’t even allow me to see her. Please I’m begging governor Ifeanyi Okowa and others to help me” The father of the twins, Mr Destiny Ojiko, who is said to be a commercial tricycle rider reportedly ran away on hearing the N433,500 hospital bill. However, he has resurfaced and is crying for help. The doctor in charge of the hospital told the newspaper that the baby cannot be released to her mother until the balance of N383,500 is paid.