A source had told SaharaReporters that Atiku was sick and had been flown to London, United Kingdom from Dubai, United Arab Emirates for treatment. Paul Ibe, the spokesman for the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Atiku Abubakar has faulted claims that his principal is sick and had been flown to the United Kingdom for medical attention. According to Ibe, the PDP candidate will arrive in London today (Monday). A source had told SaharaReporters that Atiku was sick and had been flown to London, United Kingdom from Dubai, United Arab Emirates for treatment.   “Atiku is not feeling fine; he is in the hospital receiving treatment,” the PDP Presidential Campaign Council source told SaharaReporters on Sunday. “That’s why he is not back in Nigeria for the presidential campaign. He was in Dubai but has now left Dubai for London for treatment. He has been flown to the UK for treatment. That is why he is still abroad.” Taking to his Twitter handle, @omonlakiki, Ibe said, “For the avoidance of doubt, the presidential candidate of the PDP and former Vice President of Nigeria (1999-2007) will be arriving in London on Monday, January 9 for meetings on Tuesday and Wednesday on the invitation of the British Government.” Also speaking, Director, Strategic Communications, National Election Management Committee of the PDP Campaign Council, Chief Dele Momodu, said Atiku travelled to Dubai for vacation and not London. “The man went on vacation. Anyone who knows him can tell you that the man (Atiku) does not joke about his vacation. He went to Dubai from where he would be leaving for London on Monday (today). When he arrived in Dubai, I was the first person he spoke with. I was in Turkey at the time,” he told The PUNCH. Meanwhile, Atiku on Sunday said the forthcoming election is about the future of the country. He said, “The 2023 general election is few weeks away. We must remind ourselves that this election is about the future of Nigeria. It is an opportunity for us as Nigerians to right all the wrongs that the ruling APC has brought upon us. “While we exercise our mandate in the upcoming elections, it is necessary that we reflect properly about the scorecards of both the PDP and the APC. We must avoid being overwhelmed by the deceptions of the ruling party. Indeed, we must vote to punish the APC for their poor performance since they came to the saddle in 2015.”