Oluremi who, spoke at the South-East women rally for Tinubu/Shettima Presidential Campaign in Owerri, Imo State capital, on Tuesday, said Nigerians should give a Muslim-Muslim ticket a chance adding, that if after four years they didn't perform, the duo should be rejected. Senator Oluremi Tinubu, wife of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has asked Nigerians to forget same faith Muslim-Muslim ticket and vote for her husband to the be the next president of Nigeria on February 25, 2023. Oluremi who, spoke at the South-East women rally for Tinubu/Shettima Presidential Campaign in Owerri, Imo State capital, on Tuesday, said Nigerians should give a Muslim-Muslim ticket a chance adding, that if after four years they didn't perform, the duo should be rejected. She said, "let’s leave religion aside; I am a Christian. Have you ever thought that one day a Christian-Christian candidate would emerge? What would be the reference point? We have tried the Muslim-Christian ticket, let us try this one too and after four years if they don’t do well, you can drive them out.” Continuing, the Nigerian Senator insisted that the next month's election should not be based on religion or faith rather should be based on someone who actually has the fear of God. “When you have a person who fears God, not a person who is a Christian or Catholic or Muslim, but a God fearing person. When a man who fears God is in power, he will treat you right,” she said. While assuring women that they would form a major percentage of Tinubu/shettima administration, reminded her listeners that she had served Nigeria as a governor’s wife and senator. “This is work time for Nigeria. We are not playing games. Women, we will remember you and I can assure that Asiwaju for sure will remember you. “The Tinubu/Shettima have a big package for our youth. We will sit down and work with every region on their needs,” she pledged. Addressing the women in the rally held at the Rear Admiral Ndubuisi Kanu Square in Owerri, Governor Hope Uzodimma urged APC women to persuade the Southeast electorate on the need to vote for Bola Tinubu and Kashim Shettima as President and Vice President, saying it was in the region’s interest. He called for a mentality change in the region, saying: “Southeast politicians must not only think for themselves but for their children and their future existence.” The governor congratulated the women for pulling off the rally, saying he came to inspire them that “it is time to take a decision.”