The group described the situation as ridiculous and unethical for judicial officers of the calibre of a High Court Judge or Kadi of the Sharia Court of Appeal to rely on motorbikes, 'Keke Napep', taxis, or borrowing cars from members of the public as means of transportation to carry out their duty as judicial officers. A civil society organisation, Elites Network for Sustainable Development, has accused the Kwara State Government of appointing six judicial officers without giving them their entitlements.  A statement released by its Press Secretary, Saeed Tijjani, on Tuesday said the government appointed some judges and Kadis in Kwara State between 2018 and 2020 to fill the vacancies at both the high court and the Shariah Court of Appeal but failed to make the necessary provisions for them.  The group described the situation as ridiculous and unethical for judicial officers of the calibre of a High Court Judge or Kadi of the Sharia Court of Appeal to rely on motorbikes, 'Keke Napep', taxis, or borrowing cars from members of the public as means of transportation to carry out their duty as judicial officers.   The statement reads: “The accusation was made by ENetSuD in a letter written to the Governor of Kwara State, AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq through its Director of Legal Services, Lukman Raji Esq.   “ENetSuD noted that the appointment of some Judges and Kadis in Kwara State between 2018 and 2020 to fill the vacancies at both the High court and the Shariah Court of Appeal respectively were supposedly made in accordance with the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended) and the revised NJC Guidelines and Procedure for appointment of Judicial Officers of all Superior Courts of Records in Nigeria.   “ENetSuD further reminded the Governor that, among other mandatory conditions that must be met before the appointment of the judicial officer are the provision of amenities such as official residence for judges and Kadis, official cars, court halls, well-equipped library, etc. in line with rule 5 (4)(v) of the 2014 revised NJC Guidelines and Procedure for appointment of Judicial Officers of all Superior Court of Records in Nigeria.   “ENetSuD accused the government of appointing 6 judicial officers to fill vacancies at both the High Court and the Shariah Court of Appeal in the State between 2018 and 2020 without providing them with their deserved official residences, cars, and some other compulsory amenities to date.   “ENetSuD noted that it is highly ridiculous, embarrassing, and unethical for judicial officers of the calibre of a High Court Judge or Kadi of Sharia Court of Appeal to resort to Motor Bike, Keke Napep, Taxi or borrowing cars from members of the public as means of transportation to enable them to deliver the sacred duty of judicial officers.   “ENetSuD asked the Governor to explain the whereabouts of the houses, cars and other things presented for physical inspection to the NJC team that came from Abuja prior to the appointment of the judges, and to also explain why those amenities were not given or handed over to the appointed judicial officers.   “ENetSuD, therefore, demanded immediate compliance with the Constitution and the guideline on the appointment of judicial officers by immediately providing and/or handing over the official residences, cars and other amenities of the affected judicial officers within 14 days, failure of which it will take any necessary legal action as required by the law.” 