The award is to honour him for his leadership role in promoting peace on the continent, through regular inventions, counsel and conciliatory position. President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday receive the “African Award for Strengthening Peace’’ in Nouakchott, Mauritania. The award is to honour him for his leadership role in promoting peace on the continent, through regular inventions, counsel and conciliatory position. The award will be presented to President Buhari by the Abu Dhabi Peace Forum, which is an assembly of leaders established in 2014 to pursue new ways to embrace inclusive citizenship, promote lasting peace, and work towards a safer and more sustainable world for everyone, Voice of Nigeria reports. Before the international recognition for serving Nigeria and the larger interest of peace in Africa, the President will participate in the programme of the Third Forum of the African Conference for Peace, where he will deliver a speech on milestones and gains in the African peace process. President Buhari will depart for Nouakchott today (Monday) and return to Abuja on Wednesday. He will be accompanied on the trip by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama; Minister of Defence, Maj. Gen. Bashir Magashi; National Security Adviser, Maj. Gen. Mohammed Monguno and Director General of the National Intelligence Agency, Ahmed Rufai Abubakar. Buhari, despite announcing several cost-cutting measures as a way of reducing the cost of governance is known for junketing across the world. He embarked on over 12 international trips in 2022. For instance, on February 15, 2022, the Nigerian leader embarked on a trip to the Belgian capital, Brussels, where he participated in the 6th Europe-Africa Summit.  About a week before he went to Belgium, Buhari joined his African counterparts in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia for the 35th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of the Heads and Government of the African Union.  In March, the President visited Nairobi, the Kenyan capital, where he participated in the 50th anniversary of the UN Environmental Programme before returning to Abuja, and later jetted out to London, the United Kingdom, for a medical trip that lasted for about two weeks.  On May 9, Buhari embarked on another trip to Abidjan, Côte d’Ivoire, to attend a United Nations conference on the future of land regarding desertification, drought, degradation, rights, restoration and implications for national and world economies.  Ten days later, he was in Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates, on a condolence visit to its new President, Sheikh Mohamed Al Nahyan, on the passing of the former president and ruler of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Khalifa Al Nahyan.  On May 27, the President departed Abuja for Malabo, Equatorial Guinea, to participate in the African Union Extra-ordinary Session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government with a special focus on security.  On June 4, he visited Accra, Ghana, to attend an extraordinary summit of the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government on the political situation in Mali and other parts of the sub-region.  On June 22, President Buhari also departed Abuja for Kigali, Rwanda, to attend the 26th Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting, which was held from June 20 to 26, 2022.  In July, he departed Abuja for Dakar, the Senegalese capital to participate in the International Development Association for Africa Summit.