The youths group maintained that Obasanjo had double standards and had several times said he had quit politics, only to resurface and join the Labour Party’s presidential campaign.   Some Nigerian youths under the aegis of the Patriotic Youth Front of Nigeria (PYFN) have rejected former President Olusegun Obasanjo's imposition of the Labour Party (LP) presidential candidate, Peter Obi, on the country, saying his “hands are stained with innocent blood.” The youths group maintained that Obasanjo had double standards and had several times said he had quit politics, only to resurface and join the Labour Party’s presidential campaign. The PYFN recalled the massacre of defenceless civilians in Odi, Bayelsa State, and Zaki- Biam, Benue State during Obasanjo's regime, saying his rudderless administration made him unfit to guide the Nigerian youths. Recall that the ex-president in an open letter to young Nigerians on Sunday, urged the youths to vote for Peter Obi whom he described as his "mentee." But PYFN in a press statement issued by its President, Dr. Maxwell Ogar, said that Obasanjo is the "precursor of Nigeria’s ongoing challenges – socio-economic, security, and political" who is attempting to rewrite history and beatify himself "as the hero of Nigeria’s eventual triumph when in reality the former president symbolizes everything that ails our dear nation." It maintained that "Obasanjo’s endorsement has consequently doomed the Peter Obi candidacy as Obasanjo’s track record of will haunt the LP candidate’s presidential bid." "We find it necessary to call out former President Obasanjo for his devious double standard and attempt to scam Nigerians as to his true identity. The same Obasanjo, who ceremonially shredded his People’s Democratic Party (PDP) membership card as he swore off politics, has now appointed himself the Labour Party’s chief marketer. In his characteristic double-faced penchant, he has joined the political fray while masquerading as an elder statesman whereas the saying in 2 Peter 2:22 “Of them the proverbs are true: “A dog returns to its vomit,” and, “A sow that is washed returns to her wallowing in the mud,” is true," it stated. "Given Obi’s track record as one whose every utterance has to be fact-checked, we now understand that these are ugly traits he picked up from Obasanjo, his mentor. With the experience of how Obasanjo gifted our commonwealth and national assets to himself, family, associates, and cronies, we reject his proxy, Peter Obi, whom he wants to complete the theft of Nigeria and the conversion of the country into a personal estate," the group said. PYFN advised Obasanjo to first wash his hands clean of the blood of the innocent before attempting to teach the youths how to elect their leaders. "For Peter Obi, we advise that he should seek and learn from a humane mentor before returning to attempt to be Nigeria’s president as the man he currently holds as his mentor is too evil to have any electoral value," the group added. 