Vonapolouis Moss, an American citizen was rescued by the Kwara State Command of the Nigerian police in Ilorin, the state capital, after being allegedly swindled by a 23-year-old suspected internet fraudster.  The Nigeria Police Force, Kwara State Command, has arrested a suspected internet fraudster, Awoleye Joshua Oluwatofunmi, who allegedly lured an American woman to Nigeria and ripped her off thousands of dollars. It was learnt that the 23 years old suspect, of Sabo-Oke Road, Ilorin was arrested within the premises of a hotel along Flower Garden Road, Ilorin, Kwara State, in company with one Vonapolouis Moss, “female” an American citizen. The woman, identified as Vonapolouis Moss, an American citizen was rescued by the Kwara State Command of the Nigerian police in Ilorin, the state capital, after being allegedly swindled by a 23-year-old suspected internet fraudster. Confirming the incident on Friday was the state Commissioner of Police, Paul Odama, Vonapolouis Moss of 2962, W 64th Court, Merrillville, Indiana 46410, USA, was allegedly lured into the country on January 9, 2023, by the suspect, said to be an internet fraudster and ripped her off thousands of dollars. “On January 12, 2023, at about 1200 hours, based on actionable intelligence, operatives of the SCID at the Kwara State Police command arrested one Awoleye Joshua Oluwatofunmi, “male” of Sabo-Oke Road, Ilorin, within the premises of an hotel along Flower Garden Road, Ilorin, in company with one Vonapolouis Moss, “female” an American citizen. “A preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect, who is an internet fraudster known as Yahoo Boy, presented himself to the victim on TikTok, a social media platform, as an American by the name of Howard Adams and ripped her off for about 1,000 USD. “The suspect later took a step further by luring the victim to fly into Nigeria on January 9, 2023, through the Murtala Mohammed International Airport in Lagos, after which she flew into Ilorin the next day and was received by the suspect.” The suspect also deceitfully took an unspecified amount of USD from the victim before she was rescued by police operatives. “The necessary authorities have been contacted for appropriate action. Meanwhile, the rescued victim has been moved into secure custody by the State Police command pending her return trip to the USA. The Commissioner of Police said that the command would continue to discharge its duties with a full sense of responsibility, adding that it would be willing at all times to respect the rights of every citizen.