A source had told SaharaReporters on Sunday that Atiku was sick and had been flown to London, United Kingdom from Dubai, United Arab Emirates for treatment. The presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu has challenged his Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) counterpart, Atiku Abubakar to disclose his health status to Nigerians. A source had told SaharaReporters on Sunday that Atiku was sick and had been flown to London, United Kingdom from Dubai, United Arab Emirates for treatment. “Atiku is not feeling fine; he is in the hospital receiving treatment,” the PDP Presidential Campaign Council source told SaharaReporters on Sunday. “That’s why he is not back in Nigeria for the presidential campaign. He was in Dubai but has now left Dubai for London for treatment. He has been flown to the UK for treatment. That is why he is still abroad.” On Wednesday, Tinubu in a statement by the Director, Media and Publicity of the APC Presidential Campaign Council, Bayo Onanuga, said he has it on good authority that Atiku indeed fell ill while missing on the field. He insisted the former Vice President was ill and travelled to the UK for medical help. He said, “We have it on good authority that Atiku indeed fell ill while missing on the field. He was indeed in the UK for some medical help, though handlers camouflage that he was there on the invitation of some British officials at Whitehall, in a mimic of the earlier visit of the APC rival, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. “Despite the efforts by his handlers to showcase Atiku as healthy and physically fit to endure the rigours of the presidential campaign, pictures from rallies have belied this. Campaign pictures sometimes showed him being helped to descend steps at stadia. Sometimes, he walked with an apparent handicap, dragging his feet. “It is time for Atiku Abubakar, the 76-year-old presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party to come clean over two issues clouding his campaign: his health status and scandalous confession of how he colluded with his former boss, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo to fleece the Nigerian treasury, using the special purpose vehicles after he became vice-president in 1999. “If Atiku has some modicum of honour, he ought to have stepped down from the race that he is bound to lose again, following the release of his audio clip, in which he provides a vivid explanation into the modus operandi of his legendary corruption. “The lies of several years and the various diversionary tactics are no longer sustainable. Atiku’s edifice of lies is about to crash on him. The PDP presidential candidate is certainly not okay, the papering efforts notwithstanding.” Ironically, SaharaReporters have done several reports highlighting how Tinubu’s health has failed. In the last two years, Tinubu has sought medical treatment abroad and has also undergone surgeries. 