Egu alleged that since his emergence as the Director-General of the campaign council, Ihedioha has done so much to frustrate the entire campaign.  The Imo State Director-General of Atiku/Okowa Presidential Campaign Council, Greg Egu has accused the former governor of the state, Emeka Ihedioha of frustrating the Peoples Democratic Party’s presidential campaign activities in the state. Speaking at a press briefing in Owerri on Thursday, Egu said that Ihedioha’s governorship ambition in the state has become a problem to Atiku’s presidential campaign in the state, adding that his actions could jeopardise Atiku’s campaign. Egu alleged that since his emergence as the Director-General of the campaign council, Ihedioha has done so much to frustrate the entire campaign management of Atiku’s presidential campaign council in the state. He said, “We must not fail to mention that all the 41 candidates of PDP in Imo state have found it difficult to campaign for Atiku because of the body language of Emeka Ihedioha who is playing hot and cold at the same time. “Please let the truth be said, His Excellency’s ambition for governorship a third time is the problem of Imo PCC.” According to him, rather than ensure a cohesive campaign structure, Ihedioha’s activities of sidetracking the Imo PCC management and harmonious function of the council members has been to further his governorship ambition. Egu said there was no reason for Ihedioha to continue to convey meetings in his residence when the PCC owned a befitting campaign building in the state capital, Owerri. "All Ihedioha’s nominees within the presidential campaign council have also refused to attend several meetings of the council. "We therefore warn that Emeka Ihedioha should desist from unilaterally cornering a meeting of his selected nominees in his private residence in the name of the Imo PCC because we cannot guarantee his true intentions." But Egu said the council was not deterred by the activities of Ihedioha saying it had set the motion rolling through public enlightenment, voter education and town hall meetings to ensure victory for Atiku/Okowa. Similarly, another PDP chieftain and member of the Atiku/Okowa Presidential Campaign Council, Myke Ikoku, noted that Ihedioha had refused to invest in the party’s presidential campaign council. Ikoku accused Ihedioha of diverting over 900 bags of rice out of 1,600 bags given to him by the vice presidential candidate, Ifeanyi Okowa for PDP faithful in the state. "We also heard that Emeka Ihedioha collected N27 million from PCC and instead of sending the money to the state Director-General, who is responsible for the day-to-day running of the PCC in Imo, Ihedioha shared the money among his allies. "Atiku’s campaign in Imo is in trouble because Emeka Ihedioha has been using Atiku/Okowa Campaign in the state to campaign for his governorship aspiration and this will destroy the opportunity Atiku has in the state." 