It was gathered that Omobolanle was first rushed to Budo Specialist Hospital where she was rejected ostensibly due to non-submission of a police report. The Crime Victims Foundation of Nigeria (CRIVIFON), a non-governmental organisation, has demanded the prosecution of the management of the two hospitals which allegedly refused to accept Omobolanle Raheem, the Lagos female lawyer shot by a trigger-happy senior police officer. Recall that Omobolanle was shot in the Ajah area of Lagos by an Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP) Drambi Vandi, on 2022 Christmas Day while returning from church, but it was alleged that two hospitals she was taken to for treatment rejected her. It was gathered that Omobolanle was first rushed to Budo Specialist Hospital where she was rejected ostensibly due to non-submission of a police report. She was subsequently taken to a second hospital, Doren Hospital but no help was forthcoming before she was rushed to Grandville Hospital where she was confirmed dead. Reacting to the actions of the hospitals, CRIVIFON in a statement by its Executive Director, Barrister (Mrs) Gloria Egbuji, on Thursday noted that the hospitals' refusal to accept the female lawyer for treatment when her life was critically in danger was in contravention of the Compulsory Treatment of Gunshot and Accident Victims Act of 2017. The Foundation called on the Lagos State Government and the police to diligently investigate the circumstances of Omobolanle's death when the hospitals could have helped to save her life. CRIVIFON noted that while the lawyer's killer has been prosecuted in Lagos High Court where he pleaded not guilty, the hospitals must be prosecuted for breaching Gunshot Act. Recall that Rivers and Lagos State Governments in 2022 domesticated the Gunshot Act thereby making it an offence for any hospital or clinic in the states to deny victims treatment simply on the ground of non-submission of police report. Similarly, the Inspector General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba had also directed police personnel in various states of the federation to comply with provisions of the Gunshot Act as it applied to the police. 