However, MACBAN who condemned the silence of the Nigerian Government and the military authorities over the tragedy, noted that the killings constitute a war crime. Herders' union, Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) has said it is shameful that while people were being killed by an airstrike in Nasarawa State, President Muhammadu Buhari was enjoying a state dinner in Katsina State. At least 27 pastoralists were killed following an air raid on Tuesday night in Nasarawa, North Central Nigeria. The attack took place in Rukubi, a village on the border between Nasarawa and Benue states. However, MACBAN who condemned the silence of the Nigerian Government and the military authorities over the tragedy, noted that the killings constitute a war crime. The herders' organisation described the silence as reprehensible and a lack of regard for the loss of lives of ordinary Nigerians who are victims of the high-handedness of the Benue State Government and the officers of the Makurdi-based Operation Whirl Stroke, who they accused of deploying an aircraft/drone for the attack. MACBAN in a statement issued on Friday and signed by its Public Relations Officer, Muhammad Nura Abdullahi, demands an explanation over the seemingly intentional killing of "over 40 pastoralists and butchers". The statement reads, "The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) condemns the silence of the Federal Government and the military authorities since the brutal death of pastoralists in Nasarawa State. "MACBAN describes the silence as reprehensible and lack of regard to the loss of lives of ordinary Nigerians who are victims of high handedness of Benue State Government and the officers of the Makurdi-based Operation Whirl Stroke who deployed an aircraft/drone. "The herders' organisation demands explanation over the seemingly intentional killings of over 40 pastoralists and butchers in Rukubi village of Doma Local Government Area on the 25th of January, 2023. "The pastoralists went to Makurdi earlier in the day to retrieve their 1250 livestock earlier impounded by the Benue State livestock guards after paying a fine of N29 million." It condemned President Buhari's silence on the issue, saying, "If nothing, we expect the President to commiserate with families of the victims of this heinous crime. MACBAN recalls this is the third time in one year that the Air Force was involved in the bombing of pastoralists and livestock in Nasarawa, Benue and Taraba states. "The recent killings constitute a war crime and a panel of inquiry must be constituted to find out on whose authority the drone/aircraft was used and punish the culprits. "MACBAN holds the Benue government liable because, from all indications, the trucks carrying the livestock were closely monitored until they reached their destination before an armed drone was unleashed on pastoralists. "The late pastoralists are bona fide Nigerians, have rights like every other citizen and therefore must be protected under the law." It stated further, "The loss of one life is bad enough talk less of over 40 innocent lives in a single swoop. This is an unacceptable and most despicable crime against humanity. "We find it shameful that while people were being killed, the President was enjoying a state dinner in Katsina State." "We also call on the National Human Rights Commission to investigate this case and other cases involving shootings by the Air Force in Nasarawa," the statement added.