Adeleye confirmed this in a statement on Friday, requesting that Professor Banji Akintoye, should withdraw completely from the organisation and allow a proper audit of his stewardship. Maxwell Adeleye, the Communications Secretary for Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, has resigned and withdrawn from agitation for the Yoruba Nation. Adeleye confirmed this in a statement on Friday, requesting that Professor Banji Akintoye, should withdraw completely from the organisation and allow a proper audit of his stewardship. SaharaReporters had reported that Professor Akintoye stepped down as the leader of Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, The General Secretary of the association, Tunde Amusat, had disclosed this in a statement obtained by SaharaReporters in December 2022. Akintoye handed over the mantle of leadership, citing old age and a weakened body system as his reasons. However, in his statement on Friday, Adeleye revealed that he had resigned as Akintoye's Communications Manager in August 2022, and he requested that the former Yoruba Nation leader allowed a proper audit of his tenure. The statement reads: “In view of recent developments in the Yoruba Self-Determination Struggle, I wish to inform all the Yoruba People Worldwide that I have stepped aside and withdrawn from the agitation for an Independent Yoruba Nation under its current leadership with effective from 6th January 2023. “May I inform members of the public that I stepped aside as the Communications Manager of Professor Banji Akintoye on 5th August 2022 and finally cut off communication with the Historian on 31st October 2022. I have also resigned from my membership of Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide effective from Monday 2nd January 2023. “Those of you that sent your hard-earned money to your heroes should hold those you sent money to for accountability and leave me alone. I will no longer absolve bullets for your heroes. Anyone or group of persons who knows he sent me money should provide proof of payment into my account so that I can respond to the person appropriately.” “I call on Professor Banji Akintoye to also step aside 101% from the Yoruba Nation Self-Determination Struggle so that his account of stewardship and all the funds he has collected can be interrogated by the Yoruba people,” the statement added. 