The news of the deceased who was said to have been killed on Wednesday in Ukpor Town in Nnewi South Local Government Area of the state was made known on Facebook by his friends including one Obi Chibuike Charles. Gunmen have reportedly killed a young man identified as Izuchukwu Charles in Anambra state two days before his traditional marriage. The news of the deceased who was said to have been killed on Wednesday in Ukpor Town in Nnewi South Local Government Area of the state was made known on Facebook by his friends including one Obi Chibuike Charles. According to Chibuike, the late Izuchukwu's traditional marriage to his fiancée, Chinenye Linda, was scheduled to be held on January 7, 2023, at Ezekwuabor Otolo Nnewi North Local Government Area of the state. Lamenting Izuchukwu's untimely death, Chibuike wrote, "It's very hard to type goodbye bro but God knows the best. Nigeria has happened to you and Nigeria has failed you bro. "Full of life yesterday, today you're been laid to mother earth my bro. "I just wish you can wake and tell me it's all a prank because we have many things to achieve together. Ichie, I'm sorry that yesterday when unknown gunmen attacked us I couldn't do anything. "We have survived many things together and they choose to take you away from me. Your traditional marriage is coming up next tomorrow which is the 7th and we have planned on how to shut down as usual but they came yesterday and took your life forcefully. "What more can I say to a brother and friend like you at this point if not farewell. "Turnfire I'll choose you over and over and over again because you're too good to be a human. Rest well my brother till we meet to part no more. "I love you bro forever. Farewell Igweka Charles Turnfire [Celebrity Steel Man]." Also, another friend of the deceased, Somtoo Chukwu wrote on her Facebook page, "God are you still Alive? What is happening in my land? “This is my brother. His marriage will be next tomorrow, they killed him yesterday from UmuIke ukpor ukpor Nnewi South LGA anambra state." Meanwhile, efforts to get more details from the Anambra State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga failed as his mobile phone line was not available.