A member of the House of Representatives for Yankwashi/Roni/Gwiwa/Kazaure Federal Constituency, Gudaji Kazaure, dropped the bombshell in a viral video, claiming he was also offered N1.8 billion interest and collateral-free loan by the CBN. The Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele has been accused of granting scandalous loans to some ‘powerful’ Nigerians, with each of them getting a minimum of about N2 billion. A member of the House of Representatives for Yankwashi/Roni/Gwiwa/Kazaure Federal Constituency, Gudaji Kazaure, dropped the bombshell in a viral video, claiming he was also offered N1.8 billion interest and collateral-free loan by the CBN. The CBN governor is currently at the centre of wide-ranging corruption allegations, including the stamp duties scandal, and bribery of National Assembly members with N1 billion to pass the bank's 2023 budget of N2.4 trillion, among others.  SaharaReporters on Thursday, January 19, 2023, reported how the CBN under Emefiele allegedly offered N1 billion bribe to get its N2.4 trillion 2023 budget passed, according to a federal lawmaker, Gudaji Kazaure.  In the viral video, Kazaure accused Emefiele of planting his men in strategic positions at the National Assembly, in order to do for them to do his bidding. Kazaure also accused some members of the National Assembly of benefitting from Emefiele's monumental corrupt dealings.  He said, "Shortly after the election of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Godwin Emefiele swiftly and smartly so, through pecuniary inducements influenced the selection of members of the House of Representatives Committee on Banking and Currency, particularly the chairman, in the person of Honorable Victor Nwokolo, who represents his (Emefiele) constituency. In fact, he is Emefiele's younger brother. "This man has practically bought over not just members of the National Assembly, but every influential Nigerian because the man (Emefiele) is richer than the Federal Government."  Kazaure, further revealed, "I was approached about the CBN loan by House Committee on Banking and Currency, Hafisu. He told me that there was N1.8 billion facility with zero interest for me at the CBN and that no collateral was required.  "I declined the offer and explained that I do not have control over money because all money under my custody belongs to my constituents. Therefore, if I take the loan, I might get into trouble someday.  "Now if I had collected the money, I'd have lost my voice and would not be able to talk as I'm doing now. As for my colleague, he told me he was given N2 billion.  "I swear with the glorious Qur'an, he told me he collected N2 billion. Make no mistake, this is among some of the least facilities given to prominent Nigerians; some of these issues, you don't want to hear because they're staggering. "And, listen, in due course we'll expose some of our colleagues who rushed to speak in defence of the CBN; we'll tell people how the monies were disbursed and how much every one of them got. "Again, I swear by the glorious Qur'an, I have the records of all those who benefited from the CBN loan. This includes governors, companies and individuals in Nigeria."