Speaking to SaharaReporters, the late politician’s wife denied assaulting the officer whom she described as her former police orderly.  The Nigeria Police on Wednesday disclosed that Zainab Duke-Abiola, one of the widows of Chief Moshood Kashimawo Olawale (MKO) Abiola, has a case to answer over the alleged assault of Inspector Teju Moses, an orderly attached to her. A viral video clip shows Inspector Moses bleeding and asking to be taken to the hospital for medical attention. “She told her boys to kill me,” Moses said incoherently as she spoke to her direct boss on the phone. Speaking to SaharaReporters, the late politician’s wife denied assaulting the officer whom she described as her former police orderly. She added that Zainab boosted that there would be no consequences as she is a friend of the wife of the Inspector General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba. However, the Professor, who described her detention as a breach of her rights, had filed a suit against the Nigeria Police Force, NPF and the Inspector-General of Police. The son of the IGP, Ibrahim, and her former police orderly, Teju Moses were joined in the suit. But responding in a statement on Wednesday, CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, Force Public Relations Officer, in a statement said the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, had ordered the prosecution of the human rights activist and her domestic staff members, including Rebecca Enechido. She was arraigned before a magistrates’ court in Wuse, Abuja, which remanded her in Suleja Prison in Niger State. Abiola accused one of the chief magistrates at the Wuse Magistrates’ Court, Federal Capital Territory and the Nigeria Police Force of conspiring and conniving to remand her in prison. Olumuyiwa noted that the case with charge no. CR/544/22 is ongoing and the next hearing will come up on February 1, 2023 at High Court 16, Zuba, FCT Abuja. According to him, the suspects have been charged with the offences of criminal conspiracy, attempt to commit culpable homicide, voluntarily causing hurt without provocation, and assault to deter public servant from discharge of his duty amongst others. He said, “The Nigeria Police Force wishes to state emphatically that Prof. Zainab Duke Abiola who was alleged of complicity in the grievous assault of a female Police Officer, Inspector Teju Moses on Tuesday 20th September 2022 at her residence in Garki, Abuja, along with her domestic staff including the housemaid, one Rebecca Enechido, and a male suspect currently at large, has a case to answer with respect to the allegations. “The FCT Police Command under which jurisdiction the matter transpired, has charged the suspects to court upon diligent investigation, and the case with charge no. CR/544/22 is ongoing and the next hearing will come up on 1st February 2023 at High Court 16, Zuba, FCT Abuja. “The suspects have been charged with the offences of criminal conspiracy, attempt to commit culpable homicide, voluntarily causing hurt without provocation, and assault to deter public servant from discharge of his duty amongst others. "The recent media row by the suspect is therefore unnecessary as the matter has not been concluded in court. It is similarly pertinent to note that the spurious allegations recently made in the news hold no water.” “The Nigeria Police reposes confidence in the judiciary believing that the Courts will leave no stone unturned in ensuring that justice is done in the extant case. The Police equally appreciate Nigerians and concerned individuals, groups, and Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs), who have shown interest in the matter and severally called for justice for the grievously injured Police Inspector,” the spokesperson added. 