The aggrieved police officers called on President Muhammadu Buhari to probe the IGP and his predecessors over the alleged sales. Some policemen have raised the alarm about how the Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Alkali Baba, and the Nigeria Police Force authorities have allegedly been selling properties belonging to the force. The aggrieved police officers called on President Muhammadu Buhari to probe the IGP and his predecessors over the alleged sales. Speaking with SaharaReporters, the policemen identified Bompai barracks in Kano State and the Bar Beach police station in Lagos State as the latest properties to be sold by the police authorities. “Please, help us ask IGP Baba why the police authorities are selling government property. We want the federal government to investigate him and all the former IGPs. Baba has sold another property in Victoria Island, NEPA close. The Bar beach police station just sold by Baba is adjacent to MRS filling station,” an officer told SaharaReporters. “We are calling as a matter of urgency, on the federal government to constitute a task force to audit all police properties nationwide. “The former Assistant-Inspector-General of Police in charge of works who retired last year conspired with the IGP and his predecessors and sold almost all police lands and barracks. This retired AIG in charge of works who I won’t want to mention his name should also be investigated. All these retired IGPs have questions to answer.” Another policeman in Kano State told SaharaReporters that Bompai barracks in the state had been sold. “The Bompai police barracks has been sold by the current police leadership. It has been the habit of the police leadership to be selling barracks across Nigeria. Why are they selling government properties? “After selling it, they evicted all personnel staying in the facility. In December 2022, the affected policemen were given quit notice of four weeks. The land has already be put up for sale, I was told it is worth N40million for one plot.” Calls put across by SaharaReporters to the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Muyiwa Adejobi, to comment on the allegations were not picked nor returned. 