It was learnt that the deaths were reported in Kanpur, about 88 km west of Lucknow, the capital city of Uttar Pradesh. No fewer than 22 people have reportedly died from heart attacks in one single day amid cold wave conditions in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, officials have said. It was learnt that the deaths were reported in Kanpur, about 88 km west of Lucknow, the capital city of Uttar Pradesh. According to data released by Laxmipat Singhania Institute of Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery (LPS Institute of Cardiology) Kanpur, on Thursday, 723 heart patients came to the emergency and outpatient department (OPD) of the hospital. India Tribune reports that the data further revealed that seven patients died at the hospital while undergoing treatment, while 15 others were declared dead on arrival. Doctors at the hospital attributed the abrupt increase in blood pressure leading to heart attacks to cold wave conditions prevalent in Kanpur. "In Kanpur, the severe cold wave has intensified because of which the complaints of people suffering from heart ailments have increased," said Vinay Krishna, director of the LPS Institute of Cardiology. Doctors said the sudden increase in blood pressure in the cold and blood clotting is causing heart attack and brain attack. According to the control room of the Cardiology Institute, 723 heart patients came to the emergency and OPD on Thursday. Of these, 41 patients, who were in critical condition, were admitted. Seven heart patients undergoing treatment at the hospital in critical condition died due to cold. Apart from this, 15 patients were brought to emergency in a brought dead condition. Professor Vinay Krishna, director of cardiology, said that patients should be protected from cold in the extreme weather. A faculty member in the King George's Medical University (KGMU) in Lucknow said, "Heart attacks in this cold weather are not restricted only to the elderly. We have cases when even teenagers have suffered heart attacks. Everyone, irrespective of age, should keep warm and stay indoors as much as possible." Health experts in Kanpur have advised people including the young to keep themselves warm and stay indoors. North India has been in the grip of a cold wave for the past few days. A significant drop in the day temperatures has been recorded in the northern states and sunshine remains elusive. 