Femi Babafemi, the Director of Media and Advocacy, NDLEA Headquarters, Abuja disclosed this in a statement on Sunday. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA has said its officers in Osun state, Southwest Nigeria on Friday, January 20 "took into custody a blind 67-year-old grandpa, Aliyu Adebiyi, in whose house they found 234 kilograms of cannabis at Sokoto village, Owena ljesa, Atakumosa East LGA".  Femi Babafemi, the Director of Media and Advocacy, NDLEA Headquarters, Abuja disclosed this in a statement on Sunday.  In his statement, Adeniyi reportedly said a drug dealer kept the consignment with him for a fee of N6,000 per month and paid for three months upfront.  The statement continued, "Similarly, a leper notorious for drug dealing, Haruna Abdullahi, 45, was arrested at Garko town, Kano on Thursday 19th Jan. while 2.2kg of cannabis and various quantities of Diazepam and Exol were recovered from him.  "No less than 370kg of cannabis were recovered from a sawmill at Ilale, Owo in Ondo State when operatives stormed the industrial plant following credible intelligence.  "In Edo state, 261 kilograms of the illicit substance were seized from a suspect, Uche Monday at Uneme-Osu, Ososo Road in Akoko Edo area of the state with another 74kg evacuated from a bush at Okpela fertiliser community in Etsako East LGA.  "In Abuja, NDLEA operatives on Monday 16th January raided Lugbe area of the FCT based on credible intelligence that a dealer was operating in a batcher on the outskirts of the town. A search of the batcher led to the recovery of 42.9kg cannabis, 15grams cocaine, 137grams Methamphetamine, and cash of Two Million One Hundred and Forty-Eight Thousand, Five Hundred Naira (N2,148,500) only, believed to be proceeds of the criminal trade.  "While reacting to the seizures and arrests by the Lagos, AllA, Tincan, Osun, Kano, Ondo, Edo and FCT Commands in the past week, Chairman/Chief Executive Officer of NDLEA, Brig. Gen. Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd) CON, OFR, DSS commended all the officers involved in the operations and charged them and their compatriots across the country to remain steadfast and focused on winning the war against substance abuse and illicit drug trafficking in Nigeria." 