According to the INEC chairman, the previous position of the law regarding the conduct of run-off elections made it practically impossible for the commission to conveniently hold it. Nigeria’s electoral body, Independent National Electoral Commission, has expressed its readiness to conduct a presidential run-off election should there be a need for it after the 2023 presidential election.  This was stated by the commission’s national chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu while answering questions at the Chatham House in London on Tuesday.  According to the INEC chairman, the previous position of the law regarding the conduct of run-off elections made it practically impossible for the commission to conveniently hold it.  He said, “The truth of the matter is that in every general election, the commission prepares, at least for sometimes, in the paper three electoral circles. We also prepare for those possibilities.  “The reason is, until the constitution was amended, there was only one week for presidential run-up. And with the number of registered voters we have, it is almost impossible to print ballot papers required and the result sheets and deliver them in the location and conduct the election as required.  “So with every election at the last three electoral circles, we also make provisions for the possibilities of presidential run-up. So, if it happens, then we have no issues.  “Fortunately, the timeframe has also been extended. The first alteration to the constitution has extended it by two more weeks. So, we have three weeks instead of one week we had before. But we always prepare for that possibility in case it happens. We don’t know the hands of the voters.”  The presidential and National Assembly elections will be held in Nigeria on February 25, 2023  The President of Nigeria is elected using a modified two-round system. To be elected in the first round, a candidate must receive a majority of the vote and over 25 per cent of the vote in at least 24 of the 36 states. If no candidate passes this threshold, a second round will be held between the top candidate and the next candidate to have received a plurality of votes in the highest number of states.