IMN described the continued seizure of the travelling documents of the couple to seek medical attention abroad as an aberration aimed at terminating their lives.  In what appears to be a final warning to the Nigerian government, the Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) popularly known as Shi'ites has told President Muhammadu Buhari to order the security agents to release the international passports and documents of their leader, Ibraheem El-Zakzaky and his wife Zeenah, before he (Buhari) leaves office in May. IMN described the continued seizure of the travelling documents of the couple to seek medical attention abroad as an aberration aimed at terminating their lives. The protesters also demanded unconditional release of 54 members being held at the Kuje Correctional Centre since July 2019 when 15 members were brutally killed during a peaceful protest at the Federal Secretariat, Abuja. The sect revealed this during a procession in honour of Prophet Muhammad Daughter's birthday, Fatima Zahra, in Abuja on Friday. The procession started immediately after the Juma'at prayer at Fu'ad Mosque, beside Customs office as protesters marched through Wuse Market to the Berger roundabout. Addressing journalists at the rally, the Secretary, Academic Forum, of the movement, Abdullahi Muhammad Musa, said the Nigerian government had refused to obey the Kaduna Stare High Court since July 2021 which discharged and acquitted the Islamic scholar. He said, "The procession was in honour of the daughter of the Holy Prophet, Muhammad, peace be upon him, to mark her birthday anniversary and at the same time to demand for Buhari's unconditional release of Sheikh El-Zakzaky’s International passports to go for medication outside Nigeria as his medical personnel recommended some years back. "During the procession, we also demand for the release of 54 young members detained in Kuje prison by the General Buhari regime since July 2019 after the brutal killing of 15 peaceful free Zakzaky protesters at the Federal Secretariat Abuja; five bodies of these innocent protesters are still with the police despite a valid court order that ordered the police to release the corpses to their family members for burial. "The public will recall that before the release of Sheikh Zakzaky and his wife by the Kaduna High Court in July 2021, the Nigerian security under General Buhari's order killed 79 protesters in Abuja alone; their only crime was peaceful protest demanding the regime to obey the December 2016 Abuja Federal High Court order in which the government was ask to unconditionally release the Sheikh and his wife and also pay them the sum of N25 million each, for violation of their fundamental rights." In a statement titled " FATIMATUZ-ZAHRA, A PARADIGM TO MANKIND" signed by Fatima Ismail Hassan on behalf of the sisters forum of the movement described Fatima as a radiant pearl of knowledge who lived an exemplary life for the humanity. "The Islamic movement under the leadership of his eminence Sheikh Ibraheem Zakzaky congratulates the Muslim Ummah on the joyous occasion of the birth anniversary of the beloved daughter of Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him (pbuh), Fatimatuz-Zahra salamullahi alaiha (sa), the leader of all women from the first, till the last of creation.” 