The state civil society community issued a seven-day ultimatum to the state governor and vice-presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the forthcoming general elections, Ifeanyi Okowa, to release the financial status of the state without further delay. Worried by what it described as a 'litany of complaints by concerned Deltans over frequent borrowing amidst lamentation by pensioners', the Delta state civil society community has demanded the current financial status of the state. The state civil society community issued a seven-day ultimatum to the state governor and vice-presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the forthcoming general elections, Ifeanyi Okowa, to release the financial status of the state without further delay. It noted that in the last year, Okowa’s administration has borrowed N150 billion termed bridge finance, N25 billion, N4 billion, N20 billion and is now seeking another N40 billion loan from Fidelity Bank. The civil society community stated this in a statement titled "Delta State Drifting Precariously Towards The Precipice,” signed by its state president, Martins Kedienhon, after an agreement by all executives during an executive meeting of the civil society group on January 7, 2023. The statement obtained by SaharaReporters noted the growing concern over the frequent borrowings by Governor Okowa’s government without corresponding meaningful projects. "The call for the release of the financial status of the state was to enable citizens to appraise the government using the financial position as a benchmark. We are equally concerned about the plight of pensioners whose gratuities have not been paid for more than seven years to date and civil servants who have remained stagnant for more than seven years without promotions. "What is happening with full implementation and payment of all arrears of the 33 per cent increase awarded in July 2010, which though implemented in October 2019 with outstanding arrears of 99 months yet to be paid? Poor execution of public projects with many projects not funded five months to the end of tenure with the state loans piling up. "We equally cautioned the state government against interference with the candidates of political parties ahead of the general elections with a severe warning that such interference is capable of causing a breakdown of law and order which could lead to loss of lives and property. “A seven-day ultimatum has been issued to the state governor to meet its demand otherwise the civil society community may be forced to seek redress in a competent court law," the civil society stated. 