In November 2022, the same court ordered an interim forfeiture of the 40 landed properties belonging to Ekweremadu who is currently being remanded in a United Kingdom prison over alleged organ harvesting. A Federal High Court in Abuja has trashed the interim order earlier issued for the forfeiture of 40 landed properties belonging to the former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu.  In November 2022, the same court ordered an interim forfeiture of the 40 landed properties belonging to Ekweremadu who is currently being remanded in a United Kingdom prison over alleged organ harvesting.  Justice Inyang Ekwo had given the order following an ex-parte motion filed and moved by Ibrahim Buba on behalf of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), and ordered the anti-graft agency to publish the interim forfeiture order of the properties in a national daily within seven days. However, TheCable reports that in his ruling on Friday, the same Justice Ekwo held that the EFCC concealed facts when it applied for an interim forfeiture of the assets, hence, he set aside the order. As earlier reported by SaharaReporters, Justice Ekwo ordered an interim forfeiture of the 40 landed properties belonging to the embattled former Deputy Senate President last November. The interim forfeiture order covered 10 Ekweremadu’s properties in Enugu, three in the United States of America (USA), two in the UK, one in Lagos, nine in Dubai, and 15 located in the Federal Capital Territory. The Nigerian government had accused Ekweremadu of failing to declare the affected assets. They include No. 11, Evans Enwerem Street, Apo Legislative Quarters, Apo, Abuja; Plot 2633 Kyami, Abuja, Housing Estate; (Plot 1106 CRD, Cadastral Zone 07-07, Lugbe, Abuja; Plot 2782 Asokoro Extension, Abuja; and Houses at Citi Park Estate, Gwagwalada, Abuja.  Others include Plot 1474 Cadastral Zone BD6, Mabushi, Abuja; Congress Court, Abuja; Flat 1, Block D25, Athletics Street, (24th Street) Games Village, Abuja and Plot 66, 64 Crescent, Gwarimpa Estate, Abuja.  The ones in London are Flat 4 Varsity Court, Harmer Street, WIH 4NW, London; 52 Ayleston Avenue, NW6 7AB, London.  The ones in Dubai are Room 1903, The Address Hotel, Downtown Dubai; The Address Boulevard, 3901, Dubai; 2 Flats of Burij Side Boulevard (the signature), Dubai; Emirate Gardens Apartment No. EGG1/1/114, Dubai; Emirate Gardens Apartment No. EGG1/115, Dubai; Apartment No. DFB/12/B 1204, Park Towers, Dubai; Flat 3604, MAG214, Dubai and Villa No 148, Maeen 1, The Lakes Emirates Hills, Dubai.  In the US, there are 4507 Stella Street, Bellavida Estate Kissime, Florida, USA; 2747 Club Cortile Circle, Kissime, Florida, USA and 2763 Club Cortile Circle, Kissime, Florida, USA. Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice allegedly trafficked a 21-year-old to London from Lagos in order to harvest his organ.  They were accused of plotting to use his organ for their daughter who suffers from kidney failure. They were arraigned before Uxbridge Magistrates’ Court and remanded in prison custody. Although the wife was later granted bail, the court refused to grant Ekweremadu bail.  A statement by the Metropolitan Police said: “A woman and a man were charged today with conspiring to arrange the travel of a child into the UK in order to harvest organs.  “The charges follow an investigation by the Metropolitan Police’s Specialist Crime team. "[A] Beatrice Nwanneka Ekweremadu, 55 (10.9.66) of Nigeria is charged with conspiracy to arrange/facilitate travel of another person with a view to exploitation, namely organ harvesting.  “[B] Ike Ekweremadu, 60 (12.05.62) of Nigeria is charged with conspiracy to arrange/facilitate travel of another person with a view to exploitation, namely organ harvesting.  “They have both been remanded in custody and will appear at Uxbridge Magistrates’ Court later today.”  Meanwhile, Ekweremadu's trial was stalled on October 31 following an application to join his daughter as a defendant in the charge. 