According to reports, he was abducted on Thursday night, shortly after his captors had burnt his country home in the Imoko community in Arondizuogu. The Sole Administrator of the Ideato North Local Government Area of Imo State, Southeast Nigeria, Chris Ohizu, and two others have reportedly been kidnapped. According to reports, he was abducted on Thursday night, shortly after his captors had burnt his country home in the Imoko community in Arondizuogu. The PUNCH reports that Ohizu was shot before he was kidnapped alongside two others suspected to be members of his household. A community source said, “The Sole Administrator of Ideato North was kidnapped last night together with two others after burning his house at Imoko community in Arondizuogu. They shot him in the leg before taking him away. This is a man who came back from a hospital recently. I am devastated now.” Another source who confirmed the development decried the spate of insecurity in the area. He said, “The house of Ideato North SOLAD was burnt down and he was kidnapped with a bullet wound on his leg as I heard. “I have been making this report since last year and early this year till now no single presence of the police anywhere in Arondizuogu and no single arrest. We are now at the mercy of God." SaharaReporters earlier reported that on Saturday, the country home of the spokesperson for the Coalition of United Political Parties, Ikenga Ugochinyere, was attacked. The house is located at Akokwa community in the Ideato North LGA. The assailants killed three persons including his uncle and burnt 33 vehicles parked in his compound. He, however, survived the deadly attack. SaharaReporters also earlier reported that a middle-aged man, who was about to get married last week, was killed alongside his brother at Arondizuogu in the same Ideato North LGA. Imo state police public relations officer, Henry Okoye, could not confirm the incident when contacted on the incident. Okoye promised to verify the report and get back with the information.