The general elections will be held in Nigeria from February 25, 2023, to elect the President and Vice President and members of the Senate and House of Representatives. Some eligible voters have raised the alarm over the non-issuance of their Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) with less than 60 days to the polls. The general elections will be held in Nigeria from February 25, 2023, to elect the President and Vice President and members of the Senate and House of Representatives. Jeol Opara Chizaram, a resident of Lagos, expressed his concern that the lack of his Permanent Voters Card may prevent him from voting in the country's elections (PVC). According to information obtained by SaharaReporters, Mr. Joel registered for the card on August 2, 2021 in the Mafowoku Ward of the Shomolu Local Government Area in order to receive his PVC. Yet less than 60 days before the election, INEC has not yet given him his PVC despite his early registration. “I make sure I visit the INEC office every month since February 2022. I registered for the card on August 2, 2021, to avoid crowd during registration. “I was told to come and collect it February last year. I went there and they told me it was omitted during print - this was after checking it on their portal online- that I should come back after one month. “I went there and they told me it was omitted during print -this was after checking it on their portal online- that I should come back after one month. I continued going only to receive the same answer. “At a point they told me that they have reported it and they are waiting for new cards that I should come October. I went there in October, same thing. “The last time I went there was in 30th December, Same response,” he told SaharaReporters. Joel continued by saying that what surprised him was witnessing individuals who registered after him receiving their PVC. Meanwhile, in a video shared on Instagram on Thursday afternoon, a crowd of electorates was seen at the INEC Headquarters in Abuja to demand for their PVCs. “Nigerians storms INEC office demanding for their PVC, INEC Headquarters locked their gate since 11am saying that PVC collection had closed,” a witness said. 