The General Directorate of Residency and Foreigners Affairs' new service, which was announced on Wednesday, can be used if visa officers find that a document is missing or unclear or require more information from the applicant in order to issue the visa. Residents of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates can now complete their visa application via video conference. The General Directorate of Residency and Foreigners Affairs' new service, which was announced on Wednesday, can be used if visa officers find that a document is missing or unclear or require more information from the applicant in order to issue the visa. According to National News, candidates still have the choice to go to a centre if they so choose. Lt Gen Mohammed Al Marri, director general of GDRFA, said at a media conference that the service could be used for issuing and renewing all kinds of visas — residency, golden and green visas, student and visit visas. “Sometimes, there are pending transactions that require the customer to come to the building. The new service will allow people to see and speak directly to an officer to solve the problem,” Lt Gen Al Marri said.  “Amer call centre is for enquires before applying, but the video conference service will be for people who have already submitted an application, and there has been a delay.” During the online meeting, people will be able to upload the required documents or pictures via the chat box while speaking with the officer. The service enables customers, both from inside and outside the country, to communicate directly with the department’s employees.   “The officer will review the missing or unclear documents to attach them to complete the transaction. This service will cut time and make the process simpler for customers,” Lt Gen Al Marri said. “Amer call centre is for enquires before applying, but the video conference service will be for people who have already submitted an application, and there has been a delay.” During the online meeting, people will be able to upload the required documents or pictures via the chat box while speaking with the officer. “The officer will review the missing or unclear documents to attach them to complete the transaction. This service will cut time and make the process simpler for customers,” Lt Gen Al Marri said. Future plans, according to Lt Gen Al Marri, call for making it a 24-hour service. “We will have zero visitors after launching the service,” he said. In 2022, Dubai's immigration services processed 62.2 million transactions, including 47 million entry and exit transactions through ports for ships, aircraft, and land. In total, new and renewed residency visa applications totalled close to 4.5 million. In 2022, about 80,000 golden visas were granted, up from 47,150 in 2021.