Prince Harry has shared more details about his childhood and relationship with the Prince of Wales in his explosive memoir, Spare. I was brought into the world in case something happened to Willy': Prince Harry claims he grew up knowing he was born in case his brother needed a kidney or a blood transfusion Prince Harry has shared more details about his childhood and relationship with the Prince of Wales in his explosive memoir, Spare. In the book, the Duke of Sussex, 38, said he grew up knowing that he was there to give his older brother, Prince William, 40, an organ donation if he needed it. “I was brought into the world in case something happened to Willy,” he said, claiming that his parents and grandparents even referred to him and his brother as the heir and the spare as a form of 'shorthand'. He said his life “mission” was “to offer a source of distraction, entertainment and, in case of need, a spare part”, such as a kidney, blood transfusion or bone marrow to his brother, Prince William should he need such.  Harry explained how the idea of 'heir' and 'spare' had been reinforced throughout his entire life, Daily Mail reports. He said it was made 'abundantly clear' to him from an early age that he was only in the world in case something happened to William. According to him, the notion was 'regularly reinforced' throughout his life. He narrated how his father, King Charles III allegedly told his wife (William’s mother- Prince Diana): “Wonderful! You have already given me an heir and a spare; I have done my job.”  Elsewhere in the sensational book, Prince Harry broke royal protocol and discussed his father's neck and back pain. In his book, Prince Harry also detailed King Charles's challenges with 'constant neck and back pain' for which he partly credited to his father's old polo injuries.  Harry also alleged that Prince William 'recoiled' from Meghan's hug during their awkward first meeting, describing the moment he introduced his brother to his girlfriend as a 'classic collision of cultures'. According to Prince Harry, the meeting took place in late 2016 at the Prince and Princess of Wales's Kensington Palace apartment, shortly before Prince Harry and Prince William went on a shooting trip.  Describing the short walk from Harry and Meghan's home Nottingham Cottage to Apartment 1A, the duke admitted that he was more nervous for his girlfriend to meet William than anyone else. When his brother answered the door, Harry says William was a 'bit dressed up' in smart trousers and a shirt. He wrote: “I introduced Meg, who leaned in and gave him a hug, which completely freaked him out. He recoiled.” Prince Harry, however, added that his brother wouldn't usually hug someone he didn't know while noting that hugging was just Meghan's way of greeting strangers.