The party debunked reports that the state governorship candidate, Chief Bond Ohuche, endorsed Mr. Alex Otti of the Labour Party.   The African Action Congress has denied endorsing the governorship candidate of the Labour Party in Abia State, Southeast Nigeria. In a statement on Tuesday, the State Executive Committee of the party reminded the general public about the judgment of the Court of Appeal on Thursday, June 2, 2020, and the judgment of the Federal High Court, Abuja on December 5, 2022, “removing the impostors led by Mr. Leonard Nzenwa and his co-travelers”. Jointly signed by the Abia State Chairman of the party, Comrade Ezumaibe Kelechiukwu, aka Black Lion and its Publicity Secretary, Comrade Ijoma Ogbonnaya, the statement debunked reports that the state governorship candidate, Chief Bond Ohuche endorsed Mr. Alex Otti of the Labour Party. It recalled that in the June 2020 judgment delivered on behalf of the three-man panel of the Appeal Court, Justice A. J. Adah held the expulsion of Mr. Leonard Nzenwa, Mr. Charles Orji and co. from the AAC. It affirmed that the party’s authentic National Chairman is Comrade Omoyele Sowore, who is the presidential candidate of the party. It also noted that the party’s National Secretary is Comrade Ina Okopi-Agu as affirmed by the Court of Appeal and that the “present and authentic Abia State Chairman for African Action Congress is Comrade Azumaibe Kelechiukwu”. “Mr. Leonard Nzenwa who is still criminally parading himself as the National Chair of the party, Mr. Charles Orji criminally parading himself as the Abia State chairman of African Action Congress and co. are nothing but IMPOSTORS as declared by Court of Appeal on the 2nd of June 2022 and the judgement of Federal High Court, Abuja on 5th December, 2022,” the statement read. “It is absolute falsehood and in deed disingenuous, the propaganda being sponsored by these sunken men that Abia State Governorship candidate of African Action Congress (AAC) Chief Bond Ohuche has endorsed Mr. Alex Otti of Labour Party. “This is a deception, media manipulation and an infantile attempt to create a hoax by the enemies of Abia. “African Action Congress (AAC) is the only Revolutionary Party in this race which has the ideology capable of redeeming Abia State in particular and Nigeria at large from the hands of the oppressors and their hirelings hiding in various parties as change agents. Our formidable candidate in Abia, Chief Bond Ohuche is the only credible alternative and we urge Ndi Abia to massively vote for him and AAC across board.” The party, therefore, warned the “general public to be alert so as to avoid the dangers of dealing with Political IDPs masquerading as AAC officials”. African Action Congress (AAC) is not in Alliance with Labour Party or any other party in the state,” it added. 