The former President's endorsement of Obi has generated nationwide mixed reactions, especially backlashes from the opposition political parties and their supporters. The Igbo apex socio-cultural organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide has extolled former President Olusegun Obasanjo, over his endorsement of the Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi for the 2023 general elections. Recall that Obasanjo, a few days ago officially endorsed Obi for president in the coming elections on the premise of equity and fairness for the South East region of Nigeria. The former President's endorsement of Obi has generated nationwide mixed reactions, especially backlashes from the opposition political parties and their supporters. But reacting to Obasanjo's decision, Ohanaeze Ndigbo in a statement by its Secretary-General, Okechukwu Isiguzoro, said that Obasanjo’s endorsement of Obi ahead of his erstwhile Vice, Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) spoke volumes. The group commended Obasanjo for “standing for equity and justice as relates to our stand that it is the turn of a Southerner to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari. “We have also said that Atiku’s ambition is not good for the unity of Nigeria and his former boss’s decision has justified our stand. We advise him to step down and support a Southerner. There is no justification for Buhari to hand over power to another Fulani.” Ohanaeze Ndigbo also appealed to those behind killings in the South-East to sheath their sword in the spirit of the New Year. The group said “It is no longer news that Ndigbo has lost billions of Naira in the routine ghost Mondays, which is popularly known as Monday sit-at-home, in addition to wanton killings. “The introduction of violent agitation and the killing spree of Fulani herdsmen are the twin lapses that Igbos must end in 2023. “It is time to go after the criminals and their sponsors to end the insecurity challenges in the South-East. We call on the Federal government to initiate plans for the arrest of Simon Ifeanyi Njoku Ekpa.”