  The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has alleged that killer herdsmen chased out from Oji River in Enugu State have moved to some communities in Anambra State from where they will launch attacks on communities in the state. IPOB in a statement by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, warned the people of Anambra to be prepared for what it described as the invasion of 'Fulani jihadists' into their state. According to the secessionist group, “Intelligence information at our disposal has it that the Fulani terrorists a.k.a herdsmen chased out from Enugu State, mostly from Oji River Province, are trooping into Anambra to invade some unspecified communities there”. IPOB accused the Nnewi North Local Government Transition Chairman, Chris Obiora, of being the brains behind the influx of Fulani herders into the local government area. It, therefore, asked the people of the area to hold Obiora responsible for any attack by Jihadists on any of their communities. “The Fulani terrorists (herdsmen) trooping into Nnewi and Awka, who claimed to come for business are actually terrorists coming for attacks. Engr. Chris Obiora, the Nnewi North Transition Chairman, and his gang are the brains behind the influx of Fulanis to Nnewi North. These satanic agents being aided into Nnewi are coming to increase insecurity, kidnapping, raping of women, and terrorism. “We want the sons and daughters of Nnewi North to hold their TC Chairman responsible for any Fulani attacks in any community because this man is working with our enemies.” IPOB also called on the state governor, Charles Soludo to watch the Nnewi North TC chairman closely and be ready to take immediate action “because he is importing terrorists to Nnewi”. The group noted that “Nnewi is in the heart of every righteous Igbo man and woman because it is the home of our eternal leader, Dim Odumegwu Ojukwu". “Moreover, Nnewi stands tall as a Biafran industrial revolution center providing a high level of employment to many Igbo youths. Nnewi is a very important and strategic place that needs to be protected. Any form of terrorist attack at Nnewi will be a big blow to Biafra and to Ndigbo in particular,” the statement said. IPOB further alleged that “the Fulani stooges called Engr Chris Obiora and Ethelbert Iheri are using Anambra State Vigilante Groups (AVG) in hunting and killing innocent members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB.” “We are reminding the criminal elements that we are watching them, and nobody should blame IPOB when we repay them with their own coin. “Since Soludo formed the AVG group, we have not seen these vigilantes chase Fulani out of our farms and bushes. Instead, AVG is going after innocent citizens and IPOB members. “This will be the last time we are going to warn them to stop abducting IPOB members,” the group added. It reiterated that “ESN and IPOB don't kill the people we are protecting, but those coming after us will kill themselves. Engineer Chris Obiora and his cohorts should restrain themselves from attacking IPOB members or face the consequences. We are not their enemies, and neither are we involved in any criminal activities. “Meanwhile, IPOB worldwide is appealing to those having intentions to attack the Hausa community in Ihiala LGA to stop. Hausas are not the same as Fulanis. Hausas came into Igbo land for business while Fulanis came to conquer Igbo Land. “As our leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has said that innocent Hausas are free to do legitimate business in Biafra without molestation. We are not after the Hausas, but we are after invading terrorists. Governor Soludo, we appreciate your efforts to demand the release and surety of our leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and every IPOB member worldwide. Thank you. “Gov. Soludo and every concerned Nnewi citizen should be prepared and ready to confront the invading terrorists because they have perfected plans to camp and later invade the state. IPOB will be willing and ready to work with those who are willing to secure our land from Fulani terrorists.” 