According to Inaboya, he was the winner of the primary election supervised by the Independent National Electoral Commission officials. The acclaimed winner of the Edo North senatorial primary election of the Labour Party, Mike Inaboya, has accused the national chairman of the party, Mr Julius Abure of illegally replacing his name with that of another person. According to Inaboya, he was the winner of the primary election supervised by the Independent National Electoral Commission officials.  But rather than submit his name, the name of the national youth leader of LP, Comrade Eragbe Anslem was submitted to INEC by Abure. Section 33 of the 2022 Electoral Act states that a political party cannot remove or substitute a candidate that emerged from a valid primary. But Section 31 of the Electoral Act allows for substitution when a candidate dies or when they withdraw from the race and inform INEC in writing. “Abure, the national chairman of LP did the same thing to me. I won the primary for senatorial candidate for Edo north. “He replaced with the national youth leader, Aslem Eragbe without my withdrawal,” Inaboya told SaharaReporters. This is coming a few days after Abure accused of forging documents to commit fraud and replace the name of the governorship candidate for Ebonyi State with that of someone who did not participate in the primary election. He, and his executive members namely - Alhaji Farouk Ibrahim, National Secretary; Hon. Jioke Godwin, Factional Chairman of the Party in Ebonyi state, and Ojukwu Clement (National Organising Secretary of Labour Party), were also accused of forging the signature of one Mr Eze Oko, the actual winner of June 9, 2022 governorship primary and replacing him with one Nkwegu Edward Okereke as governorship candidate of the party in the state. Oko in a petition to the Deputy Inspector General of Police, Police, Force Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department (FCIID), through his lawyer one Chioma Ekene-Okwunma titled: "Report Of Forgery, Perjury And Criminal Conspiracy," urged the Nigerian Police Chief to investigate his alleged voluntary withdrawal letter which claimed that he did not want to contest the election. He said that he never wrote any voluntary withdrawal letter that he was not contesting in the March governorship poll in the state, alleging that his signature was forged for the sole purpose of his changing his name by the party leadership. According to the petition dated, September 7, 2022 addressed to the Deputy Inspector General of Police, Oko's lawyer noted that he won the Labour Party Primary Elections for Governorship, and did not come thus far only to resign. "He had and has no intention whatsoever to withdraw his candidature for whatever reason. The Act of forgery is a criminal offence punishable by law and runs contrary to the Criminal Code Act." The petition partly read, "We have the firm instructions of our Client to urgently bring to your attention to the Criminal and Fraudulent act perpetuated by Barr. Julius Abure (National Chairman of Labour Party), Alhaji Farouk Ibrahim (National Secretary of Labour Party), Hon. Jioke Godwin (Factional Chairman of Labour Party Ebonyi state) and Ojukwu Clement (National Organising Secretary of Labour Party), Nkwegu Edward Okereke. "It is our client's brief and we verily believed him that on or about the 9th day of June, 2022, our client fully participated and won the Gubernatorial Primaries of the Labour Party in Ebonyi State, which was duly monitored by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The name of our client was subsequently submitted to the INEC as the Gubernatorial Candidate of Labour Party in Ebonyi State for the 2023 general elections. "However, after the submission of the name of our Client to INEC, he heard that a certain Nkwegu Edward Okereke who participated in the All Progressive Congress' (APC) Gubernatorial Primaries and failed, now has his name submitted as the Gubernatorial Candidate of the Labour Party by the National Executive of the Labour Party. "They claimed our client submitted a withdrawal letter and on investigation, our client discovered that the Letter of Voluntary Withdrawal which purportedly authored by our client, was forged. "As the signature on the face of the document doesn't belong to our clienta, (A copy of the said Letter of Voluntary Withdrawal is hereby attached), it is also worthy of note that the membership card attached to the said "Letter of Voluntary Withdrawal" which they submitted to INEC is forged and doesn't belong to him, as the membership card number of our client is totally different." SaharaReporters had also reported that the LP National Chairman was accused of forging documents to commit fraud and replace the name of a genuine House of Representatives candidate with that of someone who did not participate in the primary election. He was alleged to have forged the signature of the House of Representatives candidate for Uhunmwode/Orhionmwon federal constituency in Edo State, Murphy Imasuen on a letter to ensure the name of a former House of Assembly Speaker, Elizabeth Uyinmwen Ativie is enlisted by the Independent National Electoral Commission. In September 2022, SaharaReporters reported that Ativie paid millions of Naira to be listed as the Labour Party’s House of Representatives candidate for Uhunmwode/Orhionmwon federal constituency in Edo State, as disclosed by sources in the party. SaharaReporters reported that Imasuen emerged as the winner of the primary election supervised by INEC officials. But rather than submit the name of the elected candidate, Imasuen, the name of Ativie who recently joined the party from the ruling All Progressives Congress was submitted to INEC by Labour Party leadership led by Abure.