Obasanjo in his 2023 New Year message said though none of the contestants is a saint, Obi, a former Governor of Anambra State, has an edge. The All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Campaign Council has dismissed Olusegun Obasanjo’s endorsement of Peter Obi, saying it has no value.  Former President Obasanjo on Sunday endorsed the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi for President in the 2023 election.  Obasanjo in his 2023 New Year message said though none of the contestants is a saint, Obi, a former Governor of Anambra State, has an edge.  But in a statement released on Sunday, the Director, Media and Publicity of the council, Bayo Onanuga said the APC presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu will not lose sleep over Obasanjo’s move as it is “actually worthless”.  It said in part, “We make bold to say that our party and candidate, Asíwájú Bola Ahmed Tinubu will not lose sleep over Obasanjo’s move, as Obasanjo is notorious for always opposing progressive political forces, as he did against MKO Abiola in 1993.  “The endorsement is actually worthless because the former President does not possess any political goodwill or leverage anywhere in Nigeria to make anyone win a Councillorship election let alone win a Presidential election. He is a political paperweight.  “He is also not a democrat anyone should be proud to be associated with.  “We recall that in 2003 and 2007 general elections when he was a sitting President, Obasanjo used all the coercive instruments of State at his disposal to railroad people into elective offices against the will of Nigerians as expressed at the polls. In 2007, he declared the polls a do or die affair after he failed in his bid to amend our constitution to have a third term.  “From our records, President Obasanjo has not successfully made anyone win election in Nigeria since then.  “Not even in Ogun State can anyone rely on his support or endorsement to become a governor or Councillor.  “We pity Peter Gregory Obi as we are confident that Chief Obasanjo cannot win his polling unit and ward in Abeokuta for Obi in the coming Presidential election on 25 February, 2023.  Chief Obasanjo’s endorsement is not a political currency Mr. Peter Obi can spend anywhere in Nigeria because he is not a political force, even in his part of the country.”  “We take particular notice of the part of the endorsement statement where Chief Obasanjo said none of the presidential candidates is a Saint.  “We want to state here that Chief Obasanjo is not a good judge of character. He is a man who considers only himself as the all-knowing Saint in Nigeria.  “Over the years, Chief Obasanjo has also convinced himself that integrity, honesty and all good virtues begin and end with him,” it further noted.  