Some state executive committee members accused the state chairman, Cornelius Ojelabi, of acting like a dictator,  A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Prince Adewale Arogundade has admonished the Lagos chapter of the party to be wary of the antics of political jobbers and hucksters, who are bent on creating confusion and derailing the efforts of the Mandate Group chairman, Abdullahi Ayinde Enilolobo. According to the group, Enilolobo is working towards the success of all APC candidates at the 2023 polls. Arogundade, who is the Principal Coordinator of the group in Mushin local government area, commended the efforts of Enilolobo, describing him as a man of “courage, conscience, principles and honour”. Arogundade stated this in a statement on Tuesday while reacting to a paragraph in a story published by SaharaReporters on December 30, 2022, indicting the Lagos APC chairman. The report is titled, ‘Fresh Crisis Rocks Ruling APC In Lagos As Members Accuse Chairman Of Fraud, Dictatorship, Running One-Man Show.’ Some state executive committee members accused the state chairman, Cornelius Ojelabi, of acting like a dictator, They accused him of taking decisions unilaterally and running the affairs of the party like a personal business. A source had said, “Strong groups like 'The Mandate Group, Justice Forum are equally unhappy with their being deactivated of participation in the political activities of the Party, even within their domains. “With the exception of a splinter group led by Alhaji Ayinde Enilolobo who came out to boost the Alimosho rally, to prove their loyalty following several allegations within The Mandate family, many elders and leaders have practically stayed away." Arogundade, however, said the source’s display of insincerity, if not corrected, will only result in petty antics. It is necessary that the records are set straight because of the general public. The statement issued by Arogundade said, “The Mandate Movement (TMM), otherwise known as The BATCO Mandate because of the election bid of the national leader of our party, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu is a strong group that cut across the 57 LGs and LCDAs in Lagos.” “Few months ago, the group was recognised at the national level of the party and there is a letter towards this. Does a splinter group carry such weight?” he asked. “That he boosted the Alimosho rally to prove his loyalty is another reason to be wary of the deceptive writer. Every right-thinking person knows that APC is one big family, and Enilolobo's loyalty has remained resolute in the party since the time of the Alliance for Democracy (AD) till date. Underestimate his weight in Alimosho and Lagos State at large at your own peril. “Most of the problems we have in today's politics is that people who cannot mobilise their family members are the ones who see it as an occupation, they see politics as a means to an end, and are the ones igniting different crises. At the end of the day, they become beneficiaries of the bad situation.” He, however, maintained that Enilolobo's enemies are yet to recover from the huge turnout recorded at The BATCO Mandate walk from Ikeja to Ojota through Maryland, which had ‘over 100,000 participants’, to show solidarity and support for the candidature of Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Kashim Shettima to win next year’s presidential election, as well as show the group’s full backing to the second term bid of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu. Arogundade said it's not surprising that Enilolobo's modest way of politicking has paved way for him and his kinsmen across the board. He assured that The BATCO Mandate Group, which is the mobilising structure of the party will deliver all APC candidates from Presidency to state assembly. 