The Director of Defence Media Operations at the Defence Headquarters, Abuja, Musa Danmadami, made this known at a news briefing on the operations of the armed forces on Thursday in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja.  The Nigerian military command says it has eliminated more than 60 terrorists and criminals in land and air offensives across the country in the last three weeks.
The Director of Defence Media Operations at the Defence Headquarters, Abuja, Musa Danmadami, made this known at a news briefing on the operations of the armed forces on Thursday in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja.
In the South-East, Danmadami said the troops “neutralised seven Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB)/ the Eastern Security Network criminals and arrested six. All recovered items and apprehended suspects were handed over to the relevant authority for further action.”
According to the Major General, soldiers in the North-East region within the last three weeks killed 25 terrorists, arrested 18 as well as 21 terrorist logistics suppliers, two terrorists foreign informants and five kidnappers.
The statement read, “Troops of Operation HADIN KAI have sustained and continued to dominate their general areas of operation. Operational activities were conducted in villages, forest, mountains, towns and cities of Bama, Gwoza, Konduga, Mafa, Monguno, Biu, Kukawa, Damboa, Ngala, Nganzai, Tarmuwa and Magumeri Local Government Areas as well as Maiduguri metropolitan city of Borno State. Operations were also conducted at Nguru, Karasuwa and Gujba Local Government Areas of Yobe State as well as Madagali and Song Local Government Areas of Adamawa State in the North East region of the country geared toward denying Boko Haram Terrorist/Islamic State of West Africa Province and their other criminal elements freedom of actions and restore normalcy to the zone.
“Between 23 and 30 December 2022, troops on fighting patrols, ambushed Boko Haram Terrorist/Islamic State of West Africa Province terrorists at different locations within the theatre of operation. During the encounter with the terrorists at Kwatara village in Gwoza Local Government Area of Borno State, following the fire fight troops neutralised 5 terrorists while their admin leader at Guduf identified as Umate Usman was captured with gunshot wounds.
“Troops also had a meeting engagement with terrorist close to their deployment at Ngoshe in Gwoza Local Government Area. During the engagement troops neutralized 5 terrorists while other fled. Troops recovered one AK 47 rifle, 20 rounds of 7.62mm NATO, 10 rounds of locally fabricated 7.62mm special, 10 refilled ammo, 2 hand grenades among other items.
“Equally, troops made contact with terrorist along Gamboru-Logomani in Ngala Local Government Area. During the encounter, troop neutralized 3 terrorists while other fled with gunshot wounds. Troops exploited the area and recovered 2 AK47 rifles, 1 FN rifle, 1 RPG tube and bomb, 94 rounds of 7.62mm belted NATO, 66 rounds of 7.62mm special, 30 rounds of 5.56mm ammunition and 6 motorcycles.  Also, following an encounter with terrorists at Bulge village in Konduga Local Government Area of Borno State, troops neutralized 4 terrorists while other fled. Troops recovered 2 PKT machine guns, 2 FN rifles, 15 rounds of 7.62mm NATO and a belt link containing 60 rounds of 7.62 x 51mm ammunition.
“Troops equally neutralised 25 terrorists, arrested 18 terrorists as well as 21 Terrorist logistics suppliers, 2 terrorist foreign informants and 5 kidnappers. Troops also rescued 47 abducted civilians while a total of 377 Boko Haram Terrorist/Islamic State of West Africa Province terrorists and members of their families, comprising of 52 adult males, 126 adult females and 199 children surrendered to troops at different locations within the theatres of operations. All recovered items, apprehended criminals, rescued civilians were handed over to the appropriate authority for further action while the captured terrorists and surrendered Boko Haram Terrorist/Islamic State of West Africa Province terrorists and members of their families are being profiled for further action.
“Equally, the air component of Operation HADIN KAI conducted series of air interdiction operations at terrorists hideout, enclaves and camps. Notably, on 22 December 2022, an air interdiction operation was conducted at terrorists enclaves at Suwa, Arina Woje and Amchile in Marte Local Government Area of Borno State. The battle damage assessment revealed that several terrorists were neutralized with their structures destroyed in the strikes.
“Consequently, within the weeks in review, troops recovered four AK-47 rifles, three dane guns, two pump action guns, one double barrel rifle, two locally made pistols, 1 RPG tube 3 locally made RPG bombs with tubes, 6 AK47 magazines, 3 FN magazines, 2 MK2 magazines, 55 rounds of MK2 ammunition, 20 rounds of 7.62mm NATO and 43 rounds of 7.62mm special. Other items recovered include 11 vest, 3 pairs of combat boots, 9 canisters, 3 dynamites, boafeng radio, 7 Eastern Security Network vest, 9 mobile phones and 3 vehicles among other items.
“Troops also neutralised seven Indigenous People of Biafra/Eastern Security Network criminals and arrested 6. All recovered items and apprehended suspects were handed over to the relevant authority for further action.”