According to Mahmud Jega, Special Adviser on Public Affairs at the Tinubu Media Office, in a statement issued Monday night in Abuja, "her sack letter with ignominy from the campaign and the party had just arrived at her desk," despite Mohammed claiming that she resigned. The Presidential Campaign Council of the ruling All Progressives Congress APC has explained why the party reportedly parted way with one of its campaign directors, Hajia Naja’atu Mohammed. According to Mahmud Jega, Special Adviser on Public Affairs at the Tinubu Media Office, in a statement issued Monday night in Abuja, "her sack letter with ignominy from the campaign and the party had just arrived at her desk," despite Mohammed claiming that she resigned. Jega alleged that Naja’at was sacked for incompetence and being a mole in its fold. The statement added, “She was sacked for incompetence, quarrelsomeness and after being uncovered to be a mole planted in our winning campaign in order to leak sensitive information to our desperate opponents.” Hajia Mohammed resigned from the APC PCC last Saturday, stating that her conscience would not allow her to continue. She also claimed that the party's standard bearer, Bola Tinubu, was too sick and possibly suffering from Alzheimer's disease when she visited him in London some time ago. “Her desperate, fact-free, machination-filled and imaginary utterances since her sack from the campaign have proved beyond doubt that she was unfit to serve in the first place, until it was discovered that she was actually a mole. “Not being a medical doctor but whose profession in the last three decades was as a political jobber and expert name-dropper, she nevertheless issued a pseudo-medical report on our presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, after a brief meeting in London. “Even the association of native doctors would sack her for quackery and for reaching a medical conclusion without any test”, he stated. He stated that, despite his position as the clear frontrunner in the 2023 presidential race, Tinubu had had the most punishing campaign schedule of any presidential candidate, having already visited many parts of the country with an almost non-stop schedule of rallies, town hall meetings, and meetings with professional, community, business, and religious groups and associations. “Naja’atu claimed that when she asked Asiwaju what plans he had for the North, he answered that he had none. This is strange and questions the integrity of the woman and her story.” “Asíwájú has unfolded an Action plan for the whole country, in which problems bedevilling the North got very comprehensive attention. Asiwaju also attended the Arewa Summit last year, at which he unfolded and elaborated on these programs. “As conclusive proof of her unstable and unreliable character, Naja’atu said in her pre-emptive “resignation letter” that she was quitting party politics as the political parties have no ideological differences and her values and beliefs no longer align with party politics. “Within a day, pictures surfaced in the media showing her meeting with the PDP presidential candidate and declaring her support for him. “All Nigerians must be wondering what kind of “values and beliefs” she has apart from opportunism, selfishness and greed. We were least surprised about her dramatic exit, coming after she went on TV to disparage our party and President Muhammadu Buhari. Only a mole could behave in such a manner. “We urge our supporters all over the country to ignore the antics of this political soldier of fortune and concentrate on the job of delivering the Tinubu/Shettima ticket at the polls in barely a month from now”, Jega added. 