Falana's call for the restriction followed the reported Covid-19 surge in China. Human rights lawyer, Femi Falana (SAN), has asked the Nigerian government to impose mandatory Covid-19 tests for travellers coming to Nigeria from China.  Falana's call for the restriction followed the reported Covid-19 surge in China.  On December 28, 2022, it was reported that about 50 percent of passengers on two flights arriving in Milan, Italy from China reportedly tested positive for COVID-19.  Italy subsequently began to impose travel restrictions on travellers arriving from China.  But amid this, the Nigerian government had said that there was no reason yet to impose restrictions on travellers arriving from China.  According to a report by TheCable, Falana in a statement on Sunday warned of the consequences of not adopting preventive measures as other countries, especially in the face of China’s recent easing of restrictions.  Falana pointed out that the “rickety” state of Nigeria’s health care delivery makes it a matter of urgency to prevent another outbreak of the infection.  “It is public knowledge that there has been a COVID-19 surge in China in the last few weeks.  “The Chinese authorities have been reporting about 5,000 cases a day. Some analysts have said that the crisis has been underreported by the Chinese government.  “The development has compelled many countries to impose restrictions on passengers arriving from China. As usual, the federal government has not adopted any measure to prevent the spread of the dangerous disease through travellers arriving in Nigeria from China.  “In view of the rickety health care delivery system in the country, the federal government should, as a matter of urgency, make it mandatory for passengers arriving in Nigeria from China to produce a negative COVID-19 test taken not more than two days prior to departure.  “A stitch in time saves nine, as they say. The government should not wait until the nation’s healthcare is overwhelmed by the pandemic before taking the necessary scientific steps to prevent another upsurge of coronavirus infection,” Falana said.