He described the attack as barbaric, inhumane and callous, saying it must be condemned by all Nigerians. A human rights activist, Deji Adeyanju has condemned the attack on the spokesperson for the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP), Ikenga Ugochinyere in Akokwa, Imo state where many people were allegedly killed including his uncle. He described the attack as barbaric, inhumane and callous, saying it must be condemned by all Nigerians. He stated this on Saturday in a statement while reacting to the invasion of Ikenga's House by unknown gunmen who opened fire on many people and burnt his house. He chided the Nigerian police for allowing evil bloodthirsty politicians to thrive and unleash terror on perceived opponents and innocent Nigerians. The activist called on the security agents to fish out and punish the assailants to the full extent of the law. The statement reads, "I condemn the inhumane attack targeted at Mr Ikenga Ugochinyere in Akokwa, Imo state today leading to loss of lives of his family members and destruction of his properties. "The perpetrators of this atrocious act are no doubt barbarians. They are unworthy to be left to dwell among humans. It is saddening that they have allowed their basic human rationality to be spun over a penny by those who are supposed to uphold law and order. "My suspicion is that Governor Hope Uzodinma is behind this attack as Ikenga had alerted the public to numerous threats to his life by associates of the Imo State governor. "This seismic event is a blatant mockery of Law and Order. It is also a convenient indication that our police are indeed letting evil bloodthirsty politicians thrive. They seem to earn their protection over a helpless Nigerian citizen. "The unreactive attitude of the Nigeria Police Force to protect and investigate the initial death threat on Mr Ikenga has to be the height of dereliction of duty in the history of policing. The porous Nigerian Policing System begs for urgent reformation, otherwise, the likes of the occurrence will gradually become a norm in the society. "It is not out of place to say that no human deserves to die because a particular government wants to keep reigning. No property deserves to be arsoned because someone does not agree with the works of a particular administration. "Respect for Law and Order is a civic duty that must be conscientiously observed by all and sundry. Authorities should desist from using their constitutionally given powers to perpetrate vices on the unprovoking citizens. I recommend that justice be invoked. The evil perpetrators should be fished out and be punished with the full extent of the Law." 