Ejiofor, who revealed the current development after a routine visit on Monday, said that denying his client his prescribed medication was extremely harmful to his health, wandering while the government was still detaining him if they could not take care of him. The Department of State Services (DSS) has allegedly refused to avail the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, his prescribed medication for heart/chest burns in the past nine days, his counsel, Ifeanyi Ejiofor, has again disclosed. Ejiofor, who revealed the current development after a routine visit on Monday, said that denying his client his prescribed medication was extremely harmful to his health, wandering while the government was still detaining him if they could not take care of him. He disclosed that few weeks ago, a cash sum of N1,000,000 was made available to the DSS by their lead counsel – Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN, to specifically be used for the medical needs, and routine meals of Onyendu. Regrettably, Ejiofor said that the DSS rejected it and insisted that they had all it took to cater to Kanu's medical needs and routine meals. Kanu's counsel however, queried why the Federal Republic of Nigeria through DSS was still detaining his client while mischievously refusing to cater to his medical needs. The statement partly read, "I visited our indefatigable Client - Onyendu Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, today, being the 9th day of January, 2023, at the DSS detention facility, Abuja, where he is still being unconstitutionally held in solitary confinement. "The legal team spent greater part of the holidays working discretely on compelling legal engagements that will ensure/enhance the freedom of Onyendu. Hence, this is our first meeting with Onyendu in the new year. "I had fruitful briefings regarding the latest positive update on the hearing of our appeal before the Supreme Court, kudos to the efforts of our erudite Lead Counsel – Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN. However, the details remain private and will be made public in due time. "Onyendu reiterated his confidence and optimism on the ability of our legal team, eminently led by the legal Iroko – Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN, to beat the Federal Government of Nigeria (FGN) to their game. "Again, Onyendu lamented that for the past nine (9) days, the detaining authority (DSS) has refused to avail him of his prescribed medication for heart/chest burn, which delay is extremely harmful to his health. "Since all channel of complaints to the detaining authority (DSS) has been closed, we have no other option than to always go public to ventilate our grievances with their unlawful activities with respect to their management of Onyendu, and to consequently demand that Onyendu’s full medication, prescribed for the management of his deteriorating health condition be administered immediately and without further ado." It added, "Though, our erudite lead counsel – Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN, immediately swung into action to press for the needful to be done without further ado, it is important to point out that only few weeks ago, a cash sum of N1,000,000.00 (One Million Naira only) was made available to the DSS by our Lead Counsel – Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN, to specifically  be applied for the medical needs, and routine meals of Onyendu. Unfortunately, the detaining authority (DSS) refused to accept the money, insisting that they have all it takes to cater to Onyendu‘s medical needs and routine meals. "It therefore begs the following questions, to wit: why can’t the DSS take up this statutory obligation of providing for Onyendu’s medical needs? Why can’t they provide him with these all important medications, critical to his health? Why are they still detaining Onyendu while mischievously refusing to cater to his medical needs? "What is the justification in detaining Onyendu Mazi Nnamdi Kanu who is merely agitating for the self determination of the biafran people, and who had been discharged and his further detention prohibited by the Court of Appeal, meanwhile, the Federal Government of Nigeria is releasing terrorists into the society? "We are therefore, calling on the Foreign Governments and Agencies, to strongly note the deteriorating state of Onyendu’s medical condition, and to prevail on the Nigerian Government to simply obey the Order/Judgment of the Court of Appeal that directed for the unconditional and immediate release of Onyendu Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, which judgment further prohibited the DSS from further detaining Onyendu. "In conclusion of the exclusive visit, Onyendu, specially requested for his goodwill and New Year message be extended to you all, Ezigbo UmuChineke, as he specially conveys his prayers for a better tomorrow for us all. "Onyendu’s prayer is that the New Year will be fulfilling and fruitful in every dimension of the struggle for the emancipation of his people. He continues to urge Ezigbo UmuChineke to remain resolute, firm and law abiding as you have always demonstrated. "Onyendu remains profoundly grateful for the outpouring of prayers from Ezigbo UmuChineke, particularly during the Yuletide. Be assured that they are not taken for granted. He is indeed very appreciative." 