Emefiele has been in the news since last year when reports broke that the secret police was after him. The Department of State Services (DSS) has denied that its operatives invaded the Central Bank of Nigeria to arrest Godwin Emefiele, CBN governor. Emefiele has been in the news since last year when reports broke that the secret police was after him. “The attention of the Department of State Services (DSS) has been drawn to the false news making the round that its operatives invaded the Central Bank of Nigeria and arrested its Governor, today 16/1/23. This is fake news and quite misleading,” DSS spokesperson, Peter Afunanya, said in a statement.   SaharaReporters on Monday reported that the apex bank boss has returned to the country from the United Kingdom. Emefiele has not been in the country for several weeks following the investigation of several allegations against him, including corruption and terrorism financing. SaharaReporters learnt that the CBN governor headed to his office with massive security, specifically military protection, following his return to the country on Monday. Sources at the CBN told SaharaReporters that the security personnel that accompanied Emefiele to the bank were bigger than that of Nigeria's president. “Emefiele has returned to Nigeria. He went to the CBN with massive security. He was given military protection. His security is bigger than that of the President," one of the sources said in a terse message to SaharaReporters. SaharaReporters last Thursday reported that the apex bank boss was still abroad, and afraid to set foot in Nigeria for fear of being arrested and detained by the secret police. One of the sources had noted that the secret police were on alert and on the lookout for Emefiele. According to the source, the DSS would arrest Emefiele regardless of his antics and the recent court ruling. Emefiele was part of President Muhammadu Buhari’s entourage to the US-Africa Leaders’ Summit in Washington DC between December 13 and 15, 2022. While Buhari returned to Abuja a day after the summit, the CBN governor deliberately decided to delay his return to Nigeria. 