Emeh however called on men and women of good conscience to caution the governor before the antagonistic disposition becomes a culture.  The Labour Party has raised the alarm over the mass dismantling of billboards of its presidential candidate, Mr Peter Obi in Anambra State. The state chairman of the party, Chief Ugochukwu Emeh, raised the alarm during a press conference in Awka, on Sunday, describing the action as “punitive, condemnable and unacceptable”. Emeh said the act was alien to the state’s polity and wondered why such punitive action should be carried out against Obi, a former governor of the state. He said “the good people of Anambra state had greeted the emergence of Prof Chukwuma Soludo with great expectations”. “The citizens enthusiastically anticipated that the light that would transform and illuminate the state has come at last. But unfortunately, it’s now obvious that it was a sad and misplaced expectation," he said. The LP chairman, therefore, reminded Soludo that there is nothing wrong with nursing an ambition, but it must be guided by "decorum, diligence and sanity of live and let live”. “No such ambitious person should cut his nose to spite his face," he added. “And with this shameful act of ordering the pulling down of our (LP) presidential campaign billboards across the state, and replacing them with APGA messages, the governor has shot himself in the foot. The smear even extended and soiled all APGA candidates. “His action depicts arrogance of power, and shows his disdain for the feelings and aspirations of any other person, even his party members,” he said. Emeh appealed to the residents of the state and members of LP and Obidient Movement in the state to remain very peaceful, focused and law-abiding. He said it is clear that Soludo lacks the ingredients of democracy and plurality of opinions, “hence his series of unguarded and unwarranted attacks on Obi, LP and the Obedient Movement.” He reiterated that with the gale of endorsement for Obi and his running mate, Dr Ahmed Datti, “no removal of posters on billboards will slow down the Obidient Political Movement that has been sweeping across the nation’s political landscape like a tornado”. Emeh however called on men and women of good conscience to caution the governor before the antagonistic disposition becomes a culture. The Managing Director of Anambra State Signage Agency, the body in charge of outdoor adverts/signage issues, Mr Tony Ujubuonu, however, told journalists in Awka, that those billboards were pulled down because the party was unable to meet the conditions of the state government, adding that the payments the party made had been returned. 