Tinubu disclosed this in Enugu, on Wednesday, while he was there for the state presidential campaign rally at Michael Okpara Square. The presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Bola Tinubu says the people of Southeast Nigeria will continue to be marginalised until they support his presidential ambition.  Tinubu disclosed this in Enugu, on Wednesday, while he was there for the state presidential campaign rally at Michael Okpara Square.  According to him, Southeast members of APC will have to “work hard, sweat for this party until they deliver victory for him”.  “But nobody will give you any credit, you are working hard, you’re sweating now. We want you to sweat well now for this party until you deliver victory. Until Bola Tinubu becomes the president of Nigeria, we will not give you but a soaked sliced bread,” Tinubu said. WATCH: Igbo People Will Continue To Be Marginalised In Nigeria, Given ‘Soaked Sliced Bread’ Until They Support My Presidential Ambition, Says Tinubu @officialABAT pic.twitter.com/nuqFFvMBPU — Sahara Reporters (@SaharaReporters) January 11, 2023 The APC leaders in attendance at the rally included Governors Dave Umahi of Ebonyi and Hope Uzodinma of Imo states. Others were Senator Andy Ubah, Chief Gbazuagu Nweke Gbazuagu, and the APC governorship candidates of the party in southeast states among other party members from the states.  Tinubu had earlier visited Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu at Chukwuemeke Odumegwu-Ojukwu’s Enugu residence, the traditional rulers in the state who had converged at the House of Chief in the state House of Assembly and also Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi at the state government house.  Tinubu has received knocks for saying in Yoruba ‘emi lokan’, which means “It is my turn,” while campaigning to delegates in Abeokuta, the capital of Ogun State, in the build-up to the APC presidential convention. At the meeting, he narrated how his support ensured Muhammadu Buhari became Nigeria’s president after three futile attempts.