According to Fani-Kayode, this is why the former president preferred one of Tinubu's rivals, Peter Obi of the Labour Party as the fittest presidential candidate to be voted for during the 2023 polls.  A former Minister of Aviation and member of the All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council (PCC), Femi Fani-Kayode, has claimed that there is something personal between the former president, Olusegun Obasanjo and the party’s presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu. According to Fani-Kayode, this is why the former president preferred one of Tinubu's rivals, Peter Obi of the Labour Party as the fittest presidential candidate to be voted for during the 2023 polls. The former minister said this in a post, seen by SaharaReproters, adding that Obasanjo also nursed an age-long hatred against Atiku Abubakar, the People Democratic Party’s (PDP) presidential candidate. His statement reads: “Is it a spell, is it disinformation or is it delusion? How our reverred and much-loved Baba Olusegun Obasanjo can speak in glowing terms about Peter the Pooh and Dati the Daft amazes me? “The former persecuted non-Catholics, Muslims and non-indigenes of Anambra State, including Northerners and Yorubas, when he was Governor, invested state funds into his family business and ended up having secret bank accounts in Panama. “The latter, who is essentially nothing but a well-packaged and well-prepped Mauritanian refugee, is a man whose homicidal tendencies and insatiable blood lust have taken him to such a high level of insensitivity, cruelty, meglomania, blood-lust and depravity that he once openly and boastfully proclaimed on the Senate floor, before he was deprieved of his fake and fraudulent mandate by the courts and unceremoniously asked to leave, that he wants to "kill all homosexuals.” “These are the clinically insane, criminally-inclined and psychologically disturbed pair of social deviants and reprobates that OBJ wants to foist on Nigerians? “Worse still they control an army of trolls on social media whose only mandate and worth is to insult, denigrate, threaten, intimidate and attack anyone who disagrees with their principal. “Unlike Obi neither Asiwaju nor Waziri have been going from mosque to mosque or Church to Church dangerously stirring up and inciting the passions of believers, preaching religious politics and hate from the pulpit and attempting to set us on the path of a cataclysmic and blood curdling sectarian war which will bring Nigeria to her knees and eventually an abrupt and bloody end. “Neither have links with IPOB and neither have used the symbol of IPOB on any of their businesses or business products like Obi has done. “A vote for Obi takes us one step closer to the break-up of Nigeria and a second civil war because that is precisely and simply what he really wants. “I respect and love Baba OBJ, I always will and unlike others I believe that his record in public office was extraordinary, unassailable and spectacular. In my view no-one can take that from him and it is a matter of public record.” “However I think his rabid opposition to Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu particularly is misplaced, sad and unfortunate. I also believe it is rooted in something personal which is deeper, darker and more sinister than mere politics and this saddens me deeply. “When it comes to Waziri Atiku I think he still harbours a deep- set hatred and animosity for him for the undoubted atrocities he committed against him when he was President and when the latter was his Vice. “Yet surely in life and particularly as a Christian there is a place for mercy and forgiveness. “Obi will not only lose woefully and may well be driven into fourth place but he may also lose his deposit and much more,” the statement added. 