SaharaReporters had reported that the Precious was allegedly beaten to death by her mistress, Mrs. Ujunwa Ugwoke and subsequently dumped in a bush where what was suspected to be her decomposing body was later burnt by villagers. The Nigeria Police Force may drop an investigation into the alleged murder of nine-year-old home help Precious Korshima, if her father fails to pay N100,000 demanded by the police for medical examination.  SaharaReporters had reported that the Precious was allegedly beaten to death by her mistress, Mrs. Ujunwa Ugwoke and subsequently dumped in a bush where what was suspected to be her decomposing body was later burnt by villagers.  However, according to the father of the deceased little girl, Mr. James Korshima (Jerry B), the police are demanding N100,000 for medical examination of the bones of the burnt corpse to know whether they belonged to the deceased girl or an animal. Commending the police authorities for the arrest of the alleged perpetrator, Mrs Ugwu, a rights organisation, Civil Rights Realisation and Advancement Network (CRRAN), however, appealed to Enugu State Government to intervene and make funds available for the investigation of such criminal trials.  CRRAN in a statement recalled that it earlier petitioned the police commissioner in Enugu State on behalf of Mr. James Achikpi Korshima (Jerry B) from Vandeikya Local Government Area of Benue State, over the death of his nine-year-old daughter Precious Korshima, who was beaten to death.  “We commend the state Commissioner of Police for ordering the immediate transfer of the case to the Homicide Section of the State Criminal and Investigation Department for proper and thorough investigation,” it said.  Signed by its President Olu Omotayo, the rights group noted that the father of the deceased reported that in the course of the investigation, the suspect Ujunwa Ugwuoke took him (the father) and the police investigators to Ituku community where he dumped the corpse.  “Korshima further said he and the police investigators and a medical expert later went back to recover the bones so that the medical expert can confirm whether the bones are actually that of a human being/his child.  “He consequently reported that his main problem is that he has no means to provide the N100,000 needed to conduct the test on the bones.  “The confirmation of whether the bones are that of a human being or not is vital to a successful investigation and we submit that it is the duty of the Government to provide funds for this type of medical examination in a criminal trial.  “We, therefore, appeal to the state government and well-meaning Nigerians to assist and ensure justice for the family of the deceased.  “Though it is good as police told Mr. Korshima that they are ready to charge the matter to Court, it will be untidy if the medical examination on the bones is not conducted so that Korshima could also have the remains for burial.  “Another important point raised by Korshima is the non-visit of the police to the ‘scene of crime’. We submit that the police are supposed to visit the scene of crime which is the home of Ugwuokes’ at Fidelity Estate because that is the place the child was killed and further clues can be obtained there.”