Her endorsement of the former Vice President came after resigning from the ruling APC and dumping its presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu.  Ahead of the February 25 presidential election, Najatu Muhammad, former Director of the Civil Society of the All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council (APC-PCC), has endorsed the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar. Her endorsement of the former Vice President came after resigning from the ruling APC and dumping its presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu. SaharaReporters had reported that Najatu on Saturday resigned membership of PCC and APC by extension, adding that her decision was hinged on “much reflection and careful consideration.”   She further said she quit partisan politics and APC because Nigeria’s political parties are devoid of ideological differences. Najatu who was appointed Commissioner of the Police Service Commission (PSC) by President Muhammadu Buhari in 2018, stated in her resignation letter, “After much reflection and careful consideration, I have decided to part ways with party politics. I have come to the realisation that my values and beliefs no longer align with party politics. “Our political parties have no ideological differences and are simply robes that politicians wear to serve their personal needs and interests at any given time. As a result of which we see politicians changing from one robe to another whenever it suits them.” She said she would rather pledge allegiance to individual politicians than support political parties. “What is important at this point in time is the individual wearing the robe and not the robe itself. I am committed to supporting individuals that are truly interested in addressing the root causes of our challenges as a nation. “To remain true to such commitments, one must be willing to take bold and decisive steps. Quitting party politics at this point in time is one of such steps." However, hours after her resignation, she visited Atiku at his residence. A spokesman for Atiku’s campaign council, Senator Dino Melaye, was among those who received Muhammad at the residence of the former vice president on Sunday. Najatu confirmed her endorsement of Atiku for the forthcoming election by saying, “Yes, I am no longer supporting him (Tinubu); that is why I left the party. A lot has changed. He can hardly think straight. I am very sure of that. You can see his clips. “I have transcended religious, tribal or regional sentiments, so I can’t afford to look at things with that narrow premise. I think it is not only irresponsible, it is criminal because we have succeeded in dividing this country for selfish reasons. We can’t continue like that. We need to move our country forward. That is my reason. I have nothing personal against anyone,” she added. 