This development is not unconnected to the persistent fuel scarcity that many Nigerians have been experiencing nationwide in recent times.  The Nigeria Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA) has closed down 14 stations for selling fuel above the approved pump price in Kano State. This was made known by the agency coordinator in the state, Aliyu Muhammad-Sama, during a monitoring and surveillance exercise on Thursday in Kano. According to him, the authority shut down the stations for dispensing fuel at prices higher than the approved pump price of N295 and N300 per litre and failed to monitor confirmation discharge and price regulations. He said, “We have strict regulation to punish offenders which include revoking their licence of operation, sanction, payment of penalty and invalidation of transaction. “For now; the sealed fuel stations will be sanctioned to pay N150,000 per pump nozzle so long as they are willing to revert to prices that are convenient for the public.” He did, however, say that major marketers were dispensing fuel at N185 per litre, and that the state authority had closed over 120 fuel stations by December 2022. “For any station that refuses to discharge or sell above stipulated price, we will invalidate their equalisation transaction. “Invalidation is the authority that pays equalisation payment of N45 per litre for fuel they transport from Lagos or Port Harcourt,” he said. This development is not unconnected to the persistent fuel scarcity that many Nigerians have been experiencing nationwide in recent times. SaharaReporters had reported frequent queues of desperate motorists at filling stations in search of Premium Motor Spirit, otherwise known as petrol in the fourth quarter of 2022. It was gathered that oil marketers were selling petrol at any rate as the Nigerian government was no longer restraining them from dispensing the commodity at a regulated price. SaharaReporters also reported how petrol shortages began in some towns in the Northern states, as long queues emerged in some filling stations in November 2022. It was learned that some filling stations, especially independent marketers, did not have the product to sell to motorists and other consumers, while those with commercial stocks increased their prices, ranging between N230 and N260 per litre, depending on the location.