While still invited to the May 6 event, the Duke of Sussex will “play no role” at the ceremony, sources have said. Prince Harry has reportedly been written out of the script for his father King Charles’ coronation.  While still invited to the May 6 event, the Duke of Sussex will “play no role” at the ceremony, sources have said.  The act of royal dukes kneeling before the King has been scrapped by Charles, with only Prince William now required to pledge allegiance.  The act will see the Prince of Wales “pay homage”, touch the crown and kiss Charles on the right cheek.  “I can reveal that Prince Harry has been written out of the script for the coronation, with no official role in the service if he attends. Breaking with tradition, Charles will scrap royal dukes kneeling and paying homage to the monarch. Only William will perform that role,” Roya Nikkah, royal editor of the Sunday Times, tweeted.  Charles’ coronation ceremony in Westminster Abbey will take place almost 70 years after the Queen’s historic crowning.  Harry revealed he does want to go to King Charles’ coronation – but insisted “the ball is in their court”, in a trailer for his upcoming interview with British TV station ITV.  But a royal expert warned Harry and Meghan’s “nuke missile campaign” to hurt William has made them unwelcome at the coronation.  MailOnline reports that Prince William is “burning with anger” after the revelations made by the Duke of Sussex in his memoir, 'Spare'.  The Duke of Sussex has made a series of claims about his brother and father, describing the Prince of Wales as his “arch-nemisis” and accusing the King of being worried he would be “overshadowed” by Meghan's Hollywood star power.  According to the Sunday Times, a royal source claimed Harry has been omitted from the proceedings of King Charles' upcoming Coronation in May.  News of Harry's removal from the ceremony comes as the Duke appeared on ITV Saturday evening to speak about the guilt he felt following the death of his mother, the Princess of Wales, in 1997.  The paper’s Royal Editor tweeted: “Prince Harry has been written out of the script for the Coronation, with no official role in the service if he attends.”  The report further claimed that the King has completely written Prince Harry out of the Coronation script, meaning he will be a mere audience member should he choose to attend the May 6 event.  King Charles will not require the six royal Dukes to kneel before him to “pay homage” before touching the crown and kissing the monarch’s right cheek, the outlet reported.  Instead, reportedly only Prince William will perform the tradition.  “Breaking with tradition, Charles will scrap royal dukes kneeling and paying homage to the monarch. Only William will perform that role," It claimed.