Ortom hinted that even if the problem with the G5 is resolved, he had a personal problem with the PDP presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has accused his counterparts from the Southern part of the country of causing the collapse of the zoning principle in the Peoples Democratic Party. Ortom also knocked the PDP presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, saying he had a personal grievance with him because he “turned a blind eye to the sufferings and the plight of the people who elected me.” He however hailed his counterparts in the All Progressives Congress (APC) for taking a decision to move the presidency to the South and standing by it. Tribune reports that Ortom accused PDP Southern governors of chickening out after they had reached a decision to move the presidency to the region after eight years of President Muhammadu Buhari from the North. He said, “So, we are committed to issues of integrity, issues of fairness, equity, and justice. It is not new to anybody for me in particular, the governor in the north. When the southern governors met and said that, look for equity, fairness and justice, the presidency should go to the south, eight years of President Buhari. It is just natural fair, that it will go to the south.” The Benue governor also insisted that the G5 is not in a dilemma over the choice of presidential candidate in the coming election, noting that if the national leadership of the party fails to bring the group back on board, the aggrieved state chief executives will align with presidential candidates they like at the coming election. Ortom hinted that even if the problem with the G5 is resolved, he had a personal problem with the PDP presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, who he accused of abandoning the people of Benue State when they were under the siege by armed Fulani herdsmen. He said, “So, you can see that what is happening, my colleagues in G5, we all PDP members are most of us are contesting the election, except our chairman, Governor Wike. I am the leader but we have a chairman, who is not contesting elections, that is very passionate about the issues. “But you see, I must say that I’m disappointed with some of PDP Southern Governors who chickened out, who sold out and chose to do something else. In the APC, all the governors in the north, have a majority. How many of us here in the north are PDP? We are just four. myself, Tambuwal, Bauchi and Governor of Taraba. But you see APC, I must commend them for fighting for equity, fairness and justice because they considered that the presidency should go to the south. “So, no efforts by the leadership of our party have been able to address the issues that we are raising. They have not been able to adopt methods that will pacify and placate the G5, you know. This is not right. So, on the G5, that is where we are. Apart from the G5, I’ve had personal issues with the presidential candidate of our party. He has turned a blind eye to the sufferings and the plight of the people who elected me. I have cried for more than six years about the carnage, the frustration I have, and the terrorist activities of Fulani herdsmen, only for our candidate to go to Kaduna and say that he says a Fulani man, so, I should not complain when they are killing my people. I mean, this is unfair to me. “So, for me, there are options in politics. I can decide to sit back and also turn a blind eye and not do anything at all. I can decide on the day of voting to go and vote for somebody I think can bring succour to me and my people. I can do that. So, but we have to be strategic. It’s not that we’re not stuck. We know what to do. In the end, if the leadership or party is not able to come out with strategies that also help to bring us back into the fold, we can decide to say okay, let everybody go and do the election according to the election. So, that is it.”