Sowore is the only presidential candidate in the race that has been providing a detailed breakdown of how funds donated by the public towards his campaign have been spent. The Sowore Political Action Committee (SPAC) has released details of financial transactions made to support the campaign of the presidential candidate of the African Action Congress, Omoyele Sowore, for November 2022. The Committee, in a short public notice issued by Damian Ugwu, in May 2022, explained that its duty as a Political Action Committee is to help in raising money privately to influence elections or legislation, particularly at the federal level. “We present to you our monthly account breakdown for #Sowore2023 presidential campaigns. We appreciate your support always! #WeCantContinueLikeThis,” Sowore said in a tweet posted along with the breakdown on Wednesday. The transaction details obtained by SaharaReporters on Wednesday show that the total amount of payment for the month of November was N4,614,507 out of which N172, 000 was spent on welfare; N250, 000 on campaign action and N220, 000 on media logistics. Other expenses include N80,000 for printing and N550,000 for campaign staff. Sowore is the only presidential candidate in the race that has been providing a detailed breakdown of how funds donated by the public towards his campaign have been spent. Recently, a young woman, Loretta Oladayo kick-started a N1 million donation challenge to support the AAC presidential campaign. Oladayo took to her Twitter handle to announce the challenge while showing receipt of her N1 million donation to Sowore’s campaign in a follow-up tweet. “I’m donating N1 million into Omoyele Sowore’s presidential campaign; anyone wants to march this amount with me?” she said. “With Omoyele Sowore as president 2023 there will be no motherless home. Vote Omoyele Sowore for president. The only presidential candidate that is qualified to lead Nigeria Vote AAC. “Patriotism for me is love for my country desperately want Nigeria to be a better place.” “Initially catching cruise turns action by donating 1 million Naira to Omoyele Sowore presidential campaign. Screen shot below. I'm still looking for 10 comrade to match this amount with me. We must salvage this country from the rotten system because #WeCantContinueLikeThis. “I'm investing in my future with Omoyele Sowore,” she added. One Joshua Aroke also heeded Oladayo’s call for other ‘comrades’ to support the AAC presidential campaign with funds. “As promised earlier on the thread where you call for this. Na my token be this. #WeCantContinueLikeThis,” Aroke said after donating N100,000. Both Oladayo and Aroye posted receipts of their donations. Another Nigerian, Kingmax Robin also donated 1,000 dollars to the campaign organization. Taking to Facebook, Robin said, “My word is my bond, team Sowore needs your support. Vote for Sowore as president.” He also attached a receipt for a $1,000 donation to his post.