During a visit to the popular Ogbeogonogo market, SaharaReporters observed it was under lock and key as traders roamed about the premises condemning the action of the state governor who they alleged ordered the closure of the market and schools in the state capital for the PDP presidential campaign rally. The Delta State Governor and Vice Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP), Ifeanyi Okowa, has shut down a popular market in Asaba, Ogbeogonogo market and schools in Asaba, the state capital for the PDP’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar's campaign rally taking place at the Stephen Keshi stadium, Asaba, the state capital. During a visit to the popular Ogbeogonogo market, SaharaReporters observed it was under lock and key as traders roamed about the premises condemning the action of the state governor who they alleged ordered the closure of the market and schools in the state capital for the PDP presidential campaign rally. Speaking to SaharaReporters, a trader who simply identified herself as Rhoda, lamented the situation saying, "This is madness, we have never seen this before. How can you close market, the only means of livelihood for the people because of mere political rallies? You said you want to rescue Nigeria and you are closing down markets and schools; so where is the rescue you are preaching? “You are punishing the same people you claimed you want to rescue. There's no hope for Nigeria with PDP and APC.” Another trader, who was visibly angry with the governor's decision to shut down the popular market and schools noted that, "It's not a wise decision to force people against their means of livelihoods because they wanted people to be at the stadium for PDP campaign rally. Is it by force to attend political campaign rallies? Do you know how much people will lose today following the closure of this market? You are promising a better Nigeria with a better economy and you are shutting down markets, is there sense in that? PDP and APC are all scam. Nigeria can never get better with these two political parties. We have tested them and they failed woefully." A visit by SaharaReporters to the Zappa Basic secondary school, Umuagu, Uzoigwe primary school, Nnebisi road Asaba, confirmed the facilities were shut down and under lock and key. A female teacher at the Zapper Basic Secondary School, who spoke under the condition of anonymity, condemned the action of the state governor, wondering while all public schools should be shut down in the state capital because of a political campaign rally of PDP. "Go around the public schools in the state capital and you will see how they have been shut down because of PDP’s presidential campaign rally taking place at the Stephen Keshi stadium here in Asaba. PDP failed Nigeria and Nigerians and it has expired and bereaved of ideas to take us from this current suffering and slavery we found ourselves now. There's no single hope in PDP not even in APC with its expired presidential candidate." PDP presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, arrived in Delta State later in the evening on Monday from Yenagoa, Bayelsa state and was received in an elaborate fun fare in the government house Asaba by Governor Ifeanyi Okowa and vice presidential candidate of the party. 