Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has told Oyo State voters that their governor, Seyi Makinde, would inform them on the preferred presidential candidate to be voted for in the February 25 presidential poll.  Wike, who led five, aggrieved governors of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), said Oyo people should vote for all other candidates of PDP including Makinde while warning other governorship of candidates to withdraw in their own interests. The leader of the so-called “Integrity Governors”, who spoke on Thursday, during PDP's Campaign flag-off, said Makinde was the only credible candidate in the race for Oyo governorship seat. He said, “Let me thank you (referring to the crowd) for making the assurance available in person of a dependable and young man you can trust, a young man you can go home with your two eyes close, a young man when he tells you Yes, his Yes is Yes, when it tells you No, his No is No and that is why he is one of those (Integrity Group) who believes in fairness, equity and justice.  “I do not want to market a weak product. Do you want to market a weak product (referring to the crowd)? You already know Seyi Makinde has done well since you gave him the mandate since 2019. And therefore, the only way can benefit more is for you to allow him to continue the good works he has started.  “Let me use this opportunity and tell all of you (the electorates) if anybody is contesting (for the Oyo guber election) in other parties, today, 5th January 2023, please I’m giving you the final notice, withdraw now. “The people of Oyo have spoken that it is PDP. Vote for Seyi as governor, vote for House of Reps, vote for House of Assemblies. The other one (presidency), Seyi will talk to you,” Wike said. SaharaReporters had reported that Wike, Seyi Makinde (Oyo), Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu), Okezie Ikpeazu (Abia), and Samuel Ortom (Benue) have been at loggerheads with the party and its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar since his emergency as the party's flag-bearer. They have insisted that they will not support Atiku unless the party’s Chairman, Iyorchia Ayu, steps down for a Southern from South-West to take over, arguing that it would amount to injustice for a Northern to be chairman of the party and another the presidential candidate.