The body’s decision follows its resolutions of December 15, 2022, which also stripped him of all privileges accruing to him as a past General Secretary. The Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) has suspended its former General Secretary, Mr. Nimi Walson-Jack as a member of the NBA National Executive Council (NBA-NEC). The body’s decision follows its resolutions of December 15, 2022, which also stripped him of all privileges accruing to him as a past General Secretary. Walson-Jack who acted as NBA General Secretary between 2004 and 2006, has however protested his suspension, saying it violated the NBA Constitution and also breached his right to fair hearing. According to a communiqué made available to journalists on Thursday, the NBA-NEC resolved at its last quarterly meeting in Abuja to punish Walson-Jack, who was said to have acted as a solicitor to the promoters of the new parallel legal body, Law Society of Nigeria (LSN). The LSN’s emergence in October 2022 threatened to end the NBA’s 89-year monopoly. Its executive members are Kunle Ogunba (SAN) as President; Mr Nimi Walson-Jack -Vice President; Mr Abdulqadir Sani -Secretary; Mr Olasupo Ojo -Welfare Secretary; and Mrs Chioma Ferguson -Treasurer. Others are Mr Douglas Ogbankwa -Publicity Secretary; Mr Zara Yakubu -Financial Secretary; Mrs Alice Awonugba -Assistant Secretary; and Mr Hassan Sheriff -Assistant Publicity Secretary. However, the former General Secretary of the Nigerian Bar Association(NBA), Mr. Nimi Walson-Jack, has described his suspension from the National Executive Council(NEC) of the association as a return to the dark ages of socialism and communism when governments sanctioned and jailed lawyers for representing persons whose activities were considered contrary to those of the political leadership. He accused the President of the Association and the General Secretary, Yakubu Chonoko Maikyau, SAN, and Daniel Ka-ayii Kip, respectively of dictatorship and abuse of authority. The former general secretary in a statement titled “The Unconstitutionality and Illegality of the Suspension of Hon. Nimi Walson-Jack from the NEC of the Nigerian Bar Association”, said the infamous resolution would win a gold medal in the coven of dictators, and an affront to the right of lawyers to represent the diverse interests of their law-abiding clients. He said his suspension was an act of intimidation and harassment, which hindered his ability to continue to provide legal services to citizens who incidentally were also lawyers. He warned that if the leadership of the NBA was allowed to get away with the suspension, the right of Nigerians to lawyers of their choice, and the duty of lawyers to their clients would become endangered. The statement reads: “The NBA  at the last meeting of its NEC held on Thursday, 15 December 2022, in Abuja, Nigeria, deliberated on a crackdown on members of the legal profession who are advocating and championing the formation of a new Professional Association for Lawyers in Nigeria and resolved to take punitive measures against them. “In paragraph 2.1(e) of its communique issued on 15th December 2022, and signed by Messrs. Yakubu Chonoko Maikyau, SAN, and Daniel Ka-ayii Kip, its President, and Assistant General Secretary, respectively, the NBA stated “NEC particularly resolves that a past General Secretary, Mr. Nimi Walson-Jack, who acted as a solicitor to the promoters of the new Law Society be stripped of his privileges as past general secretary and consequently, be suspended from being a member of the  NEC of the association. “The communique is clear on the fact that the reason for punishment (if it could be called that) is for discharging a professional duty to provide legal services to members of society. “The resolution to punish me for representing the promoters of the new law society is a return to the dark ages of socialism and communism when governments sanctioned and jailed lawyers for representing persons whose activities were considered contrary to those of the political leadership. This infamous resolution would win a gold medal in the coven of dictators, not in the assembly of lawyers in defense of democracy and the rule of law. It is an affront to the right of lawyers to represent the diverse interests of their law-abiding clients.” 