 The Nigeria Police Force has said Drambi Vandi, the policeman who pulled the trigger of the gun that killed pregnant lawyer Bolanle Raheem on Christmas Day in the Ajah area of Lagos State, could not account for two bullets fired.  The spokesperson for the Force, Muyiwa Adejobi recently disclosed this during an interview with Splash FM in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  On December 25, the female lawyer was shot dead by Vandi, an Assistant Superintendent of Police.  Raheem, who was pregnant at the time of her death, was shot in the Ajah area of Lagos state.  The 41-year-old woman was rushed to a hospital, where she was confirmed dead.  Vandi, who was attached to the Ajiwe Police Station, Ajah, Lagos State, is said to have spent 33 years in the police force.  It was gathered that the deceased, a graduate of Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago Iwoye, Ogun State, recently moved from litigation practice to property law.  She was the Chief Executive Officer of Croston Homes and co-founder of City Building, a real estate and property development company.  Meanwhile, Vandi has been suspended by the Police Service Commission. Last Friday, he was arraigned in court and remanded at the Ikoyi Correctional Centre till January 30, 2023 pending advice on the case from the Office of the Lagos State Directorate of Public Prosecutions (DPP).  Adejobi said, “The governor came, the Lagos state government has taken over the prosecution, the police is not prosecuting so let Nigerians hear now, the police is not prosecuting. It is Lagos state government that will prosecute. We have given them interim report, the case file has been handed over to them, every other thing will be done, either postmortem, ballistic of the gun and what-have-you.  “But we know that Vandi was the one who pulled the trigger based on our investigation because they gave him 23 AK-47 ammunition, he could not account for two. It is part of it, that is why you don’t fire anyhow because you must account for any ammunition given to you so he has not been able to account for two as at the time he was interrogated at Panti (Lagos State Criminal Intelligence and Investigation Department).  “Which means two (pieces of) ammunition being fired or used or swallowed, he must tell how it has been used. We want to assure Nigerians that justice will be done. It is quite unfortunate that it is happening to him. No matter how beautiful, no matter how handsome, fine, kind, useful he is to the people around him, it is a bad case. He is in detention.  “The CP has done what he is supposed to do and the IG has condemned it. Such will not happen but the thing is let us respect our law enforcement agencies. When they flag you down, whatever it is, stop.”  The Nigeria Police Force spokesperson said the trigger-happy killer cop was under a spiritual spell.