In Okowa’s place, the civil servants endorsed the Delta state governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and deputy senate president, Ovie Omo-Agege for the forthcoming 2023 election. Some aggrieved civil servants in Delta State under the aegis of "Concerned Progressive Workers For Good Governance", on Wednesday, dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its vice-presidential candidate, Governor Ifeanyi Okowa. In Okowa’s place, the civil servants endorsed the Delta state governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and deputy senate president, Ovie Omo-Agege for the forthcoming 2023 election. The visibly angry workers who gathered at Nnebisi Hall, Grand Hotel, Asaba during a town hall meeting with the APC governorship candidate, described Okowa as "a wicked and heartless" soul who does not care about the welfare and pains of civil servants in the state since his inception as governor. They accused Okowa of blatantly refusing to pay civil servants their promotion arrears and other entitlements accrued to them for the past seven and a half years. The workers unanimously endorsed Omo-Agege's candidacy, saying civil servants in the state shall give the APC governorship candidate "protest votes following the maltreatment they are receiving from the PDP-led state government”. Reading out the resolutions of the aggrieved workers at the town hall meeting, the leader of the group, Festus Doghene, said, "Elections are won by marketing choice candidacy to the people. On behalf of the entire civil servants, public servants and private workers in Delta state, we want to assure you of our massive votes in the March 11 governorship election in the state.” Speaking in the same vein, an official of the group, Ochei Chike disclosed that "Governor Ifeanyi Okowa-led government is at war with civil servants in the state and as a result has decided to punish workers with hardships”. He continued, “You can see that despite the intimidation, victimisation warnings and threat by the governor and his cronies to Delta state civil servants from attending this town hall meeting with you, civil servants and other workers in the state ignored the threat and came out en-mass to interact with you and your entourage.”