The Indian Express reports that the arrest of Andoyi is being seen as the biggest and most crucial action of the anti-narcotics cell of Pune City police in 2022. Indian police in December 2022 arrested a 50-year-old Nigerian man identified as Folarin Abdulazees Andoyi, over alleged possession of cocaine worth Rs 2.16 crore (about N120 million).  The Indian Express reports that the arrest of Andoyi is being seen as the biggest and most crucial action of the anti-narcotics cell of Pune City police in 2022.  According to the report, the police said that Andoyi, who travelled to India on a work visa as a mechanical engineer, had been active in cocaine trafficking for over a decade and had been arrested twice in the past.  Andoyi was said to have first arrived in the country in 2010 as a mechanical engineer, on a business visa for work.  Senior police inspector, Vinayak Gaikwad of the anti-narcotics cell was quoted as saying that “In 2010, he landed in Mumbai.  "Probe revealed that he worked with some private establishments but soon started feeling that his income was not enough to fulfill his needs. Meanwhile, he came in contact with another Nigerian national involved in the narcotics trade, who suggested he sell drugs to earn more money.  “However, before leaving India, the Nigerian national handed over his contacts in the drug syndicate to Andoyi. Using these contacts, Andoyi allegedly got into the cocaine racket."  In the latest arrest, Andoyi was arrested from a car on the Undri-Mantarwadi road in Pune on December 9, 2022. Police said that during a search, they recovered 1.81 kilogrammes of cocaine estimated at Rs 2,16,20,000.  The FIR in this case was registered at the Kondhwa police station under sections of the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act. During the investigation, cops found Andoyi’s wife, identified as Lucy, a native of Manipur, was also allegedly involved in the offence. She was soon arrested and the couple is currently lodged in the Yerwada Central Prison.  Speaking further, Gaikwad said, “Andoyi first came on record after his arrest by the Customs Department in Mumbai in 2014 with possession of cocaine. He was later released on bail… We got to know he was married twice in the past to women from his country. But around 2018, he got married to an Indian woman, Lucy, hailing from Manipur. He continued to work with the drug racketeers."  It was said that in 2019, the Pune City police arrested him again, this time allegedly with a substantial quantity of cocaine. He was released on bail last year.  Police said they soon found out that he had become active again in the cocaine business and started zeroing in on him.  The officer said, “He was residing in a residential society in Undri area. We arrested him last month with cocaine worth about Rs 2.16 crore. Probe into his cell phone details and other information revealed his wife was also involved in the offence. Her phone and bank account was used for the drugs trade. So, we arrested her in this case."  Police added that Andoyi had allegedly procured cocaine from a Nigerian woman residing in Thane area, and that moves were being made to arrest the woman who is suspected to be an important link in the cocaine trafficking in India.  Inspector Gaikwad while giving details of Andoyi's cocaine racketing said he brought cocaine to Pune from his contacts in Thane, where he sold the contraband to drug peddlers in Pune and these drug peddlers in turn further sold the cocaine in small packets to customers in Pune city.