Lisa Marie was married to Michael Jackson in the 1990s. Lisa Marie Presley, the only child of rock 'n' roll legend Elvis, has died aged 54, her mother has said. Lisa Marie was married to Michael Jackson in the 1990s. "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us," Priscilla Presley said. Lisa Marie, also a singer, was rushed to hospital earlier on Thursday. According to US media, she suffered cardiac arrest. She was found unresponsive at her home in Calabasas, California, sources told US outlet TMZ. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known," Priscilla Presley said in a statement. "We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss." Her mother gave no details about the possible cause of death. Citing a source close to Lisa Marie Presley, TMZ reported that the star was found unresponsive in her bedroom on Thursday morning. At about the same time her former husband Danny Keough, who also lives at the property, arrived and performed CPR. The outlet said that she had suffered a "full arrest" before a bystander administered epinephrine - commonly known as adrenaline - to help her regain a pulse. Paramedics arrived shortly afterwards, taking Presley to hospital, BBC reports. Celebrities have started paying tribute to the star’s death. Grammy award winner Diane Warren expressed her sorrow at the sad news, saying "the entire world is sending love and prayers to Priscilla and Lisa Marie's children right now". Beach Boys co-founder Brian Wilson said: "It's hard to take when someone so young and full of life passes on." Born in 1968, Lisa Marie went on to follow in her father's footsteps and forged a career in music. The star released three albums, with her 2003 debut studio album selling hundreds of thousands of copies and receiving generally positive reviews. The star was also well known for a series of high-profile marriages to pop legend Michael Jackson, actor Nicholas Cage and musicians Danny Keough and Michael Lockwood. She had four children, including the actress Riley Keough. Presley's son, Benjamin Keough, killed himself in 2020. Presley was last seen in public on Tuesday night at the Golden Globes Awards in Beverly Hills.