Tinubu, who told the people during the rally to remain committed to the APC administration both at the state and national levels said the party just like it had done in the last seven years of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration, had shown that it meant well for the country and its citizens. The presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, has suffered another gaffe, while speaking at his campaign in Ilorin, Kwara State on Tuesday. Tinubu, who told the people during the rally to remain committed to the APC administration both at the state and national levels said the party just like it had done in the last seven years of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration, had shown that it meant well for the country and its citizens. He promised to continue with the track, while making some comments that seemed incoherent. He said, “I brought electricity company all the way from America, paid for the studies and all the necessary little fundamental things, before you, you, put on sewing machine before you start sewing the clothes."  SaharaReporters had reported that the former Lagos governor, on November 26, 2022 said that deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege, the APC gubernatorial candidate in Delta State, would be governor of "Niger Delta State." He made the gaffe while speaking in Oporoza, Gbaramatu Kingdom in Delta State. In a video, while acknowledging dignitaries in the audience, Tinubu said, “I equally recognise today the deputy senate president currently and he will be the governor of Niger Delta State.” It had been reported that Tinubu, while trying to justify his shunning of town hall and debates organised by media organisations in Owerri struggled to mutter an incoherent word, “Balabloo-blu-bulava.” He incoherently said, “a town hall, different from “balabloo-blu-bulava”, to the consternation of his listeners. In October 2022, Tinubu also committed another blunder while speaking at the 7th Kaduna Economic and Investment Summit (KADInvest). Speaking at the event, the APC flag bearer said Nasir El-Rufai, governor of Kaduna, turned a “rotten situation to a bad one.” “I am openly begging Governor El-Rufai not to run away from additional degrees like PhD or others. There are educated derelicts,” the former governor of Lagos had said. “We are not going to let you run away. Your vision, creativity and resilience in turning a rotten situation to a bad one are necessary at this critical time and that is why we are here.” Also early in November, while speaking at the APC presidential campaign flag-off held at the Rawang Pam Township Stadium in Jos, Plateau State, Tinubu who wanted to say ‘God bless APC’ committed a blunder as he ended up saying ‘God bless PD” before correcting himself. "God bless Nigeria, God bless PD, APC," he said. Critics have rumoured that Tinubu might be suffering from dementia following his constant incoherent comments. 