Under UK modern slavery legislation, the Ekweremadus and the doctor are accused of conspiring to arrange the travel of another person for the purpose of exploitation.  Senator Ike Ekweremadu’s trial on the alleged organ harvesting will resume today, Tuesday, January 31, 2023, in the United Kingdom. SaharaReporters had earlier reported that the senator’s matter was adjourned in November, while arguments were heard on December 16 and 19, 2022. Ekweremadu who represents Enugu West Senatorial District on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and his wife, Beatrice were arrested on June 23 in London and charged with conspiracy for human trafficking and organ harvesting. According to the UK court, Ekweremadu’s alleged crime was in violation of the Modern Slavery Act 2015. According to prosecutors, the defendants planned to have a kidney removed from a 21-year-old Nigerian man so that it could be given to the politician's daughter, Sonia.   Following preliminary tests at a north London hospital, the man is said to have raised the alarm after refusing to consent to the procedure. Charges were filed after the man approached police in a town outside of London, and the Ekweremadus were apprehended in June last year at London's Heathrow airport after flying into the country. Obinna Obeta, a 50-year-old south London doctor, was arrested at a later date. The trial is set to begin on Tuesday at 11:00 a.m. (WAT). It was moved up from a planned date in May. Ekweremadu is a senator from Enugu state in southeast Nigeria for the opposition Peoples Democratic Party. Under UK modern slavery legislation, the Ekweremadus and the doctor are accused of conspiring to arrange the travel of another person for the purpose of exploitation. The alleged offence is said to have occurred between August 2021 and May 2022. Ike Ekweremadu's bail application was denied due to concerns that he would flee the country. Obeta, the doctor, was also detained. Beatrice and Sonia Ekweremadu have been granted conditional bail. 