This was contained in a statement made available by the party’s national publicity secretary, Dr Agbo Major, asking the two presidential candidates to withdraw from the race to save the country’s image. The New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) has stated that the presidential candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, and the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, both lacked moral justification to continue vying for the presidency of Nigeria until all controversies surrounding their corruption and drug allegations are resolved in court. This was contained in a statement made available by the party’s national publicity secretary, Dr Agbo Major, asking the two presidential candidates to withdraw from the race to save the country’s image. The party therefore urged Nigerians to their PVCs and vote for its presidential candidate, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, describing him as the man who was fit to free Nigerian from the socio-economic challenges the country has been facing in recent times. The statement reads: “Nigeria has been brought to ridicule and disrepute before the comity of nations over accusations of high level corruption and drug peddling against Atiku and Tinubu. He that goes to equity must come with a clean hand. “NNPP demands the immediate withdrawal of both presidential candidates to answer to charges preferred against them in court. It is justice juxtaposed for them to continue in the presidential race with heavy allegations of wrongdoings on their shoulders. It is moral burden for the two candidates to continue in this race at a time Nigerians are looking for a b and unblemished crop of leaders. There is no moral justification for Atiku and Tinubu to strive to rule the nation until the court decides their fates one way or the other. National interest supersedes personal interests, aggrandizement and grandstanding in the quest for a better, greater, progressive, equitable and just democratic nation. “Nigerians are tired of recycled politicians who have numerous cases of corruption, drugs, birth/educational certificates, health and questionable source of wealth. Citizens want men and women of integrity, visionary, purposeful, resourceful, dynamic and transformational leaders to usher them to a new and better Nigeria we all desire and deserve.” 