  The Peoples Redemption Party in Kogi State has declared support for the senatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) in Kogi Central senatorial district, Barr. Natasha H Akpoti, to work for her victory in the February 25, 2023, general elections. The party made this known on Sunday when the State Party Chairman, Mr. Sunday Denis Ozomata, and a member of the National Board of Trustees of the party, Prof. Aliyu Otaru led the party's executives, candidates, and other prominent members of the PRP to the hometown of Akpoti-Uduaghan to make the declaration. 
                                       
Otaru said that the people of Ebira should be proud that they have a daughter leading a democratic revolution to change the condition of the people of Ebiraland. "I and my people have come here to identify with you and support the revolution to change our story through the ballot", he said. The state party Chairman of PRP, Mr. Sunday Denis Ozomata said they decided to pitch tent with the PDP senatorial candidate because they were convinced by her antecedent that she is the best amongst all the candidates jostling to represent Kogi Central senatorial district in the Senate. "If a woman can stand and fight for our people even when men are afraid to talk, such a woman deserves every support and we will work for you with utmost sincerity for you to emerge as the next senator of Kogi Central", he said. Akpoti-Uduaghan appreciated the support given to her and promised not to disappoint them when she gets to the Senate. "My courage is rooted in the love I have for my people and the quest to liberate our people from the bondage of bad governance. "As our father said, we are in dire need of a democratic revolution to change the bad situation and we are going to do that on February 25, 2023, with our thumbs to be free once and for all. "We need to get to the stage where there will be less tension to carry out our daily activities. Thanks for this support, and the collaboration to rewrite our story", she said. Some members of the ruling All Progressives Congress had also recently dumped the party for the PDP to support Akpoti-Uduaghan. They include former Kogi State Commissioner for Agriculture, Hon. Suleiman Enesi; APC Vice Chairman in Ogori-Magongo LG, Zacchaeus Adesina; APC Secretary in Ogori-Magongo LG, David Aweh; and Ogori Magongo LG APC Organizing Secretary, Isaac Musa. 