Adeleke, who was elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, announced the sacking of 12,000 workers employed by his predecessor. No fewer than 1,500 teachers employed by former Governor Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun State have again raised concerns about the payment of their salary. In his first official action as governor, Governor Ademola Adeleke, who was elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, announced the sacking of alleged 12,000 workers employed by his predecessor. The 1,500 school teachers and political appointees of his predecessor, Adegboyega Oyetola, had in December 2022, expressed concerns about the payment of their emoluments, when Adeleke began payment of salary to civil servants for November 2022. The teachers who begged the governor to pay their salaries said four of their members had died due to depression occasioned by the announcement of their sack; they pleaded to the government to forestall further loss of members. This was made known by the coordinator of the concerned teachers, Owoyemi Abdulwasiu, while speaking at a conference in Osogbo, on Monday, explained that the teachers were employed after going through the process of purchasing forms in the year 2020 and writing the Computer-Based Tests/Examinations in February 2021. Abdulwasiu refuted the rumour that the teachers are members of the All Progressives Congress (APC), explaining that they went through due process to purchase forms and write screening examinations. Adding that they were invited for oral interviews/micro-teaching after meeting up with the cut-off marks, saying it will be unfair to say that the teachers were just given employment based on politics. Abdulwasiu said, “it will be of great concern to know that the effect of nullifying our appointments as class teachers had already been felt as we have recorded no fewer than four deaths among us as a result of depression of nullifying the appointment as class teachers.” “We appeal to you to reconsider the put on hold 1,500 employed teachers and allow us to continue the work we were assigned to since our recruitment went through due processes and procedures and the fact that we have all lost our previous jobs in the private establishments,” he added.