Bakauye contested among others for the Zamfara PDP ticket in the 2022 governorship primaries. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in Zamfara State has expelled Ibrahim Shehu Bakauye, a governorship aspirant from the party over alleged anti-party activities.
Bakauye contested among others for the Zamfara PDP ticket in the 2022 governorship primaries. 
After losing in the May 25, 2022 party’s primary, he sued the party to court, seeking the nullification of the election.
The Ward Executive members of Mayana ward, Gusau local government area of the state where Bakauye came from made this known in an expulsion letter signed by the ward secretary of the party, Aliyu Hassan Gusau.
He was expelled for alleged “gross indiscipline, joining hands with oppositions and consistent engagement in acts inimical to the party.”
The expulsion letter read in part, “Sequel to 2022 PDP Primaries Elections activities towards 2023 General Election of which you contested for the Governorship Primary Election in Zamfara State under our great party (PDP) which you lost and your subsequent anti-party activities towards the PDP and its members in the ward, local government and state.
“The ward working committee Of the PDP Mayana ward, Gusau Local Government Zamfara State had observed the following activities with dismay.
“That you instituted various actions against the Party in the following courts: contrary to Article 58 (1) L Of the PDP Constitution 2017 10s amended). FHC Gusau: suit No: FHC/GS/13/2022. FHC Gusau: suit No: FHC/GS/32/2022
“Consistent engagement in acts that are inimical to the party and other anti- party activities contrary to Article 58 (f) (h) and (i) of the PDP constitution 2017 (as amended).
“Gross indiscipline toward the party contrary to Article 58 (l) (a) (b) (c) of the PDP 2017 (as amended). It is in view of the foregoing that you, Hon. Ibrahim Shehu (Bakauye) Gusau, former member of the PDP, Mayana Ward, Gusau Local Government, Zamfara State, is hereby expelled from the party, and your party membership terminated effective January 2023.”