SaharaReporters learnt Kelvin was assaulted at the lodge of the Chairman of Ohaozara Local Government Area of Ebonyi State, Southeast Nigeria. Some hoodlums loyal to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) have allegedly brutalised and wounded a musician, Ukworu Ogonna Kelvin, for refusing to sing a campaign song for their party’s presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu. SaharaReporters learnt Kelvin was assaulted at the lodge of the Chairman of Ohaozara Local Government Area of Ebonyi State, Southeast Nigeria. SaharaReporters gathered that Kelvin was on assignment to perform at a funeral in the community when he was approached by APC loyalists led by Mr Marchavilia Uzo of Enuakwa. Kelvin was severely beaten and wounded when he insisted that he would not grant Marchavilia’s request to sing at an event to campaign for APC presidential candidate. A source privy to the matter told SaharaReporters that Kelvin has probably not lost one of his eyes to the assault. The source said, “At the burial of his mother-in-law, while in the place, he was attacked. When he had almost finished his assignment there, he was already packing. “The coordinator serving the development centre in that area came in and then asked him to do a song, a political song for his party's presidential candidate. The musician said no that he did not come for a political party event, and that he came for a burial and the person that called him for a burial had already gone. “He was no longer on the premises. They had closed and he was already packing. And then he insisted that he must compose a song but he said no. So it got to a level where he asked them if they had the song they wanted to play so he used his microphone and speakers to project the sound. “At some point, he said no that he was leaving as the person who invited him had left. The guys that the coordinator came with now approached his vehicle and started beating him up. “His eye was almost damaged, I don’t know if he can see presently,” the source added. Reacting to this, the Ikwo Niyi Youth Consultative Forum urged security operatives in the state to carry out an investigation into the matter. The group, in a statement released by Alegu Mmaduabuchi Collins, the forum’s publicity secretary, described the incident as very provocative and capable of causing unrest in an already tense political environment. The statement read: “The attention of Ikwo Noyo Youths Consultative Forum has been drawn to the brutal and unprovoked attack on one of our members; Ukworu Ogonna Kelvin (aka Ibinabo) on 21/01/2023 at the Chairman of Ohaozara LGA's Lodge by the Coordinator (Mr. Marchavilia Uzo) of Enuakwa (Okposi) DC and his armed henchmen while on his legitimate musical assignment. “Our visit to the victim and enquiry revealed that very devastating bodily harm capable of snuffing life out of our member has been inflicted on him, especially on his right eye. “We condemn in very strong terms this attempted murder on Ibinabo without any prior report of any feud between the victim and his assailants to law enforcement agencies by the perpetrators before embarking on this barbaric onslaught. “It is indisputable that the actions of the Coordinator and his cohorts are very provocative and capable of causing unrest in an already tense political space, which would not be in the best interest of the Youths of Ikwo and Ohaozara LGAs and the entire state. “We, therefore, call on the relevant security agencies with particular reference to the Commissioner of Police, Ebonyi State Command, to expeditiously investigate this matter to bring the perpetrators of this dastardly act to justice so that it will serve as a deterrent to others unscrupulous elements out there. “We wish to state unequivocally and without mincing words that Ikwo youths are hospitable and friendly to visitors, strangers and have not in any way been hostile to their brothers from other council areas or states that come their way both within and outside Ikwo and wonder why our youths have always been casualties in other localities at different occasions. “We hereby warn that we can never accept or tolerate such unprovoked or unwarranted attack on any of our members anywhere; no one has a monopoly of violence. “We, however, appeal to our members at home and in the diaspora to stay calm, remain law-abiding and go about their lawful duties and avoid any form of reprisal as the police  investigate the matter.”