The couple were arrested at an ungodly hour in Enugu by DSS personnel but were transferred to their headquarters in Abuja and ever since nothing had been heard about their whereabouts.  A human rights organisation, the Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO) has again written to Nigeria's secret police, the Department of Security Service (DSS), over the continued detained of an Enugu State couple since November 23, 2021 without trial describing it as abuse of human rights. In the letter written to the DSS Director-General, and copied to Amnesty International and the Human Rights Watch Network (HRWN), and the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), the organisation led by Paul Odimegwu, asked the DSS to release the couple, Mr Paul Ifedi and wife, Mrs Calister, or bring them to court if the service had any matter against them. According to the letter, CLO lamented that the couple were arrested at an ungodly hour in Enugu by DSS personnel but were later transferred to their headquarters in Abuja and ever since nothing had been heard about the whereabouts of the couple till the moment. The CLO writes: "We herein petition your office on behalf of the above named couple, who were abducted by men of the Department of Security Service, DSS Enugu on November 23rd 2021 at an ungodly hour.  The said couple as reported were later taken to the DSS office for interrogation based on an unfounded allegation. "We are informed that Mr and Mrs Ifedi were taken to the office if DSS where they were later granted bail and told to report on a particular date announced to them.  Subsequently, the couple were later taken back to the DSS office and were whisked off to the headquarters of DSS in Abuja.
"We are informed that the couple were later transferred to Minna in Nigeria State where DSS is said to be using as detention camp.  The children informed us that the information reaching that anybody who DSS arrested and taken to such place, the chances of the person being released is always in doubt.  The children told us that their parents must have been killed and buried secretly," the petition reads. CLO therefore called on DSS to make public the offence committed by the abducted couple that warranted their being remanded without trial. "The Civil Liberties Organisation herein demands that the couple should be brought to court to answer for the offence said to have been committed after one year they are detained without trial. "We hereby request to know the offence of Mr. and Mrs. Ifedi committed that made them to be remanded by DSS for the past one year and three months without trial," CLO added. 