Lawan spoke at the Presidential Campaign Rally of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) which held in Damaturu, Yobe State, Northeast Nigeria. Nigerian Senate President, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday lambasted the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for their ‘maladministration in 16 years’ and for allowing the Boko Haram insurgency to fester.  Lawan spoke at the Presidential Campaign Rally of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) which held in Damaturu, Yobe State, Northeast Nigeria.  The rally was attended by the leader of the party, President Muhammadu Buhari who arrived in the state on an official visit on Monday, Ola Awoniyi, Special Adviser (Media) to the Senate President said in a statement on Tuesday.  The Senate President said: "PDP mismanaged and mal-administer Nigeria for 16 years.  "When Boko Haram started in the northeast, in Borno state, the then leadership of PDP said it was not true. There was nothing like Boko Haram and Boko Haram blossomed. Boko Haram flourished and Boko Haram gained ground and took root.  "Your Excellency, Boko Haram caused maximum, devastating impacts in our lives here. Your Excellency, Borno, Yobe and Adamawa particularly, we were under a state of emergency for 18 months.  "For 18 months, the Federal Government then, stopped our statutory allocations to our local governments. We suffered, our people suffered. No developmental projects going on at all until you came in 2015. That was the salvation moment.  "We are indeed very grateful to Almighty God that the APC, that platform and the people of Nigeria needed a change. They needed a leadership that will care. They needed a leadership that will not segregate and that leadership is your leadership.  "During that time, even the ecological fund or stabilisation account was based on party. They will give to only PDP states. They will not give other states that were in opposition. You came, you changed all that.  "Your Excellency, today, we have 41 million registered Nigerians as APC members. All we need to do is mobilise our base.  "Your Excellency, Yobe State is an APC base. In fact, at the risk of sounding controversial, I there say that there is no state in Nigeria that is more APC than Yobe State. We are going to deliver every contestable seat to APC in Yobe State.  "Your Excellency, you have been in the seat of leadership in this country. For seven and a half years, you have done wonderfully well.  “They lied and lied and lied. They want us to believe that they did something. In fact, PDP should be ashamed of itself. They destroyed this country. They should have no chance to go round this country, seeking the support of Nigerians.  "You have provided security. As far as we are concerned, the new insecurity that we are seeing, we have acknowledged that it is true and that is the beginning of the solution and we are all working hard to ensure that before you leave, before Asiwaju takes the oath of office on the 29th of May, 2023, the security situation would have further improved.” 