The association said there was no justification for Premium Motor Spirit PMS otherwise known as petrol to be selling for inflated prices, thereby subjecting the masses to further difficulties across the country. The Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN) on Monday threatened to join forces with other stakeholders to join forces and take action against the current fuel scarcity being experienced across the country. The association said there was no justification for Premium Motor Spirit PMS otherwise known as petrol to be selling for inflated prices, thereby subjecting the masses to further difficulties across the country. In a statement issued on Monday  by Dr. Jerry Amah, PENGASSAN's Senior Assistant General Secretary, Research and Development/ Media and Communication, the association said its recent research revealed that there was over 30 days’ PMS sufficiency in the country; hence there was no basis for the current scarcity and hardship that Nigerians were being subjected to. PENGASSAN stated that some overbearing marketers deployed methods of creating artificial scarcities in other to hike the price of the product uncontrollably, noting that the prices of the product now sold between N185 to N400 depending on one's location and outlet. The association therefore called on the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA) to compel all marketers and retailers to make the products available at approved price, urging the Authority to immediately mobilise all their staff in various locations across the country to monitor compliance and anyone found wanting, should have their license revoked to serve as deterrent. "The Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN) empathises with Nigerians on the hardship currently faced with the scarcity and drastic hike in the price of PMS. "The national leadership of PENGASSAN has been following up with our members in NNPC Trading Limited who are responsible for assigning the products to marketers and our teaming members from NMDPRA in various depots and terminals across the country that are responsible for issuing cargo clearance, monitoring compliance, routing inspection, metering calibration/maintenance, accurate delivery to trucks, record keeping, etc. on the need to carry out their functions expeditiously. "While we understand that the parameters imputed into the old PPPRA and now NMDPRA template has since changed because of some economic vagaries such as exchange rate fluctuation, vessel hiring cost and cost of AGO amongst others, there is no sufficient justification for PMS (Petrol) to be selling for such highly inflated price, thereby subjecting the masses to further difficulties. "Even though we have some good marketers who tend to play by the rules, others who are overbearing have deployed methods of creating artificial scarcities in other to hike the price of the product uncontrollably as the prices of the product now sell between N185 to N400 depending on your location and outlet. "From data available to us from our members, there is over 30 days PMS sufficiency in the country; hence there is no basis for the current scarcity and hardship that Nigerians are being subjected to. "We hereby call on the management of NMDPRA to compel all marketers and retailers to make the products available at approved price. They should immediately mobilise all their staff in various locations across the country to monitor compliance and anyone found wanting, should have their license revoked to serve as deterrent. "Should this collusion go on unchecked, we will not hesitate to partner with other stakeholders in ensuring that Nigerians are not further exploited. A stitch in time saves nine" the group warned. 