The schoolgirls have been with the bandits for about 19 months. The parents of 11 kidnapped schoolgirls abandoned by the Nigerian government in captivity have resolved to sell personal belongings to raise a ransom of N100 million demanded by terrorists to free the children. The schoolgirls have been with the bandits for about 19 months. On June 17, 2021, some bandits attacked Federal Government College, Birnin Yauri, Kebbi. The gunmen abducted over 100 students and eight teachers from the school. However, some of the students escaped from the gunmen during the abduction while others were rescued by security operatives. On October 21, 2021, the bandits released 30 of the abducted students. SaharaReporters reported in November 2022 that no fewer than 11 of the students were yet to regain their freedom.   Some days after the abduction, Governor Atiku Bagudu said he had briefed President Muhammadu Buhari on the abduction of schoolchildren. The governor told State House correspondents that insurgents, kidnappers, and armed robbers can be defeated with unity of purpose by all Nigerians. In heartrending emotional audio files obtained by SaharaReporters on Wednesday, the spokesperson for the distraught parents, Salim Ka'oje, called on the United Nations, UNICEF, the United States, the United Kingdom and kindhearted Nigerians to pressurise the Nigerian government to negotiate the release of their children. The group of parents who have resolved to sell their personal belongings to raise the demanded ransom of N100 million also urged kindhearted individuals to support their efforts by donating to the course of securing the release of their children who were abducted close to two years ago at a government secondary school in Northwest Nigeria. The parents accused both the Kebbi state and Nigerian governments of abandoning their children in captivity. Ka'oje said the parents on their own reached out to the mother of the leader of the gang of bandits who helped to negotiate the terms of release. "We met on January 8, 2023, to discuss how to secure the release of our children since their abduction over one year ago. "Since the authorities have abandoned our children, we resigned ourselves to our fate, and luckily, we contacted the mother of the leader of the bandits who helped to negotiate the terms for us.   "We have resolved to sell our personal belongings, including houses, farmlands, vehicles, etc. to rescue our children because they (bandits) have warned that they'll kill the 11 girls if we fail to raise the ransom," Ka'oje said. Another parent, Umar Abdullahi, who provided the details of the bank accounts designated for receiving funds from helpers, disclosed that five of the 11 schoolgirls are Christians while others are Muslims. He said, "We're asking for donations from sweet-spirited individuals through the following bank accounts: 007886580, Salim Sani Ka'oje, Jais Bank and 0032363795 Keziya Daniel, Union Bank."