A Chief Magistrate’s Court in Abeokuta, Ogun State, Southwest Nigeria, has discharged and acquitted an ex-president of the Students Union Government of the Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro, Adegboye Olatunji, of cultism charges. Olatunji and one Olarewaju Taiwo were arrested for cultism by the state police command in 2020. The police claimed the duo were caught in the bush in the Gbogidi area of Ilaro, in the regalia of a cult, Black Axe. Olatunji was subsequently impeached as SUG President, while the school management also suspended him. He and Olanrewaju were later arraigned on three counts of conspiracy, and membership of an unlawful society and unlawful assembly. However, Chief Magistrate J.E. Akan, in his judgment, said there were major contradictions in the testimonies of the prosecution witnesses on what led to the arrest of the two defendants. The chief magistrate noted that the contradictions also exposed “all the fabricated tissue of lies woven together just to give the impression that the two defendants were having a secret cult initiation inside the bush”. Akan discharged and acquitted the two defendants of the three counts. He said, “It is instructive to note that the prosecution relies on the same set of facts and evidence as evaluated above to establish this charge. There are no other pieces of evidence separately led to establish this charge. “The witnesses were already discredited during the cross-examinations and the truthfulness of their testimonies has been held to be in doubt. Needless to say here that there is no evidence with which the prosecution can establish the essential elements of this offence. “It will amount to embarking on a voyage of discovery to an unknown destination when indeed there is no fact or evidence disclosed by any of the prosecution witnesses to establish this charge. In view of this, I have no hesitation to dismiss this count against the two defendants, and it is hereby dismissed. “In conclusion, each of the three counts is hereby dismissed against each of the two defendants. A verdict of not guilty is hereby returned in favour of each of the two defendants. Each of them is hereby discharged and acquitted on each of the three-count charge.”  Reacting, Olatunji who is now the South West Coordinator of the National Association of Nigerian Students, expressed gratitude that he was eventually exonerated by the court. He said his ordeal was a result of his agitation for the welfare of his fellow students, especially in the hands of greedy landlords in the town. “I am not feeling bitter about the issue, as I see it as one of the sacrifices to make as someone fighting the cause of the people. To me what is important is that I have been justified in the end,” he said. 