Earlier in the day, commercial vehicles and motorbikes had been off the roads leaving inter and state commuters stranded. Members of the Peoples Democratic Party went out to receive the party’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, to Ado Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital, for a campaign rally on Tuesday. Earlier in the day, commercial vehicles and motorbikes had been off the roads leaving inter and state commuters stranded. Although the PDP members alleged that the transporters did not work in a bid to frustrate those who might want to attend the rally, the commercial transport operators said their action followed statewide prayers observed by their associations. This was as a former governor of the state, Ayodele Fayose; former governorship candidate, Bisi Kolawole; acting PDP State Chairman, Lanre Omolase; seven of the nine PDP National Assembly candidates and 20 of 26 House of Assembly candidates shunned the presidential rally. According to PUNCH, the PDP candidates, who had earlier rejected the inclusion of Social Democratic Party members in the Presidential Campaign Council for the state on the condition that it could hurt their elections, said all entreaties to meet with Atiku over the development were shunned by the presidential candidate. Atiku, in his address to the rally, assured that if elected in the February 25 election, his administration would deploy all resources to attract socio-economic development, adding that he would be deliberate in the construction of roads leading to Ekiti State beginning with the Ado-Akure Road. The PDP presidential candidate said, “I am highly impressed with the huge crowd we are seeing here today despite antics of the APC government to cripple and sabotage the rally with artificial fuel scarcity and stoppage of drivers from Ekiti roads; let me assure you that we will make you happy for making us happy today.” “Ekiti is a state of intellectual prowess and we will tap into this in our government to develop and transform the nation,” Atiku said. PDP Vice Presidential candidate and Delta State Governor, Ifeanyi Okowa, said, “With what we have seen here today, we are sure that the people of Ekiti State will vote for Atiku” as he urged the electorate in the state to “use your PVC to send APC out of Nigeria.” Earlier, PDP National Chairman, Senator Iyorchia Ayu, handed over flags to the Ekiti South Senatorial candidate, Biodun Olujimi; and House of Representative’s candidate for (Ekiti South 1), Henrich Akomolafe. 