Governor Wike, who said that the 2023 general elections was “a fight to the finish”, called on the people of the state to use their voting power to decide and vote against those who hate the state and those who had held positions but failed to work for the state. Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has vowed that his political party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) must win every contestable position in the state in the forthcoming general elections. Governor Wike, who said that the 2023 general elections was “a fight to the finish”, called on the people of the state to use their voting power to decide and vote against those who hate the state and those who had held positions but failed to work for the state. The Sun reports that the governor spoke at the Local Government Campaign Flag-off rally of the Rivers State PDP held at Felix Obuah Pavilion, Omoku Town in the Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area (ONELGA) on Monday. According to him, at previous times when PDP went into election, it won the governorship, senatorial, House of Representatives and State of Assembly seats, and in the forthcoming election, the situation will not be different. He said that when Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni, Abua/Odual, Ahoada East, Ahoada West Local Government Areas of the state experienced flooding last year, the state was abandoned to its fate. Wike said, “That is how you know those who hate Rivers State; that is how you know those who love us. If you hate Rivers State, we will not give you our vote. We will only give our vote to those who love Rivers State. “You have to listen to your leaders through the DG (director-general) of the campaign. They will come back to you, sit you down and tell you where we are heading to. “It is a fight to finish. Do not be afraid. We are going to win at the end of the day. You know that we have always won. We will continue to win. “We have never failed in anything we have told you. Success has always been with us. God has been with us. This time is not going to be different. God will continue to lead us.” The governor noted that “Oba has done the traditional thing by blessing us and telling us, go to the field, my people are there; they will be with you, they will stay with you and we have seen it today.” He therefore called on the people of the state to ignore those who had had the opportunity to serve the state but did deliver on their promises to deceive them with promises and get their votes. “Don’t allow those who were previously given the opportunity. They failed you. Is there anything they can tell you again?” Similarly, the PDP governorship candidate in the state, Siminialayi Fubara, who recounted the achievements of Governor Wike’s administration said there would be further development, particularly in ONELGA where phase two of the Ahoada-Omoku Road would be completed to ease mobility in the area. 