This was disclosed by a Twitter user on Tuesday morning, questioning the police authorities if the lady was eventually released by the officers that arrested her. Operatives of the Nigeria Police Force guarding the palace at Illasan, Lekki Phase 1 have allegedly assaulted a lady when she attempted to film them during a conversation with a commercial driver. This was disclosed by a Twitter user on Tuesday morning, questioning the police authorities if the lady was eventually released by the officers that arrested her. He said, “@Gidi_Traffic Last week police men guarding the palace at Illasan, Lekki Phase 1, allegedly assaulted a lady for attempting to record them during a confrontation with a Uber driver. The lady's phone was seized and she was also arrested. Has she been freed? @BenHundeyin @Princemoye1” WATCH: ⁦@PoliceNG⁩ Operatives Brutalise Woman In Lagos For Filming Them During Assault Of Commercial Driver 🎥: twitter/austynzogs pic.twitter.com/YtJpbvdbv5 — Sahara Reporters (@SaharaReporters) January 10, 2023 Responding, the Force Spokesperson, Olumuyiwa Adejobi said the state command should investigate all information relating to the incident. “Well, Ben will need to investigate this and take necessary action. We will need to get more facts about this scene as the video is not long enough to deduce some things. PPRO Lag should detail the PCB to look into this and revert. It has been sent to necessary units to handle,” the state PPRO said. Cases of police brutality are rampant in Nigeria, Africa’s largest democracy. Most of the youths said they had a personal experience with the police or know someone who has. As decades of torture, maiming and killing by the country’s security forces stacked up, young people across the country took to the streets for days, beginning on October 8, 2020. The target of their anger was the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), a rogue police unit accused of extrajudicial killings, extortion and kidnapping among other nefarious crimes. Called #EndSARS, the protests ballooned into a massive call for the abolition of the squad. It flickered out on October 20 that year after soldiers opened fire on unarmed protesters at a popular landmark – the Lekki tollgates – in the commercial capital Lagos. However, two years after this protest, brutalities from the security operatives are yet to be things of history. For instance, SaharaReporters had reported how Nigerian policeman reportedly shot dead a legal practitioner, Mrs Omobolanle Raheem, while she was returning home from a Christmas service at Ajah Under-bridge. It was learnt that after killing Omobolanle Raheem, the trigger-happy policeman fled the scene with his colleagues before another set of policemen later came and took her remains to a mortuary in the Yaba area of the state and vanished.