On December 22, 2022, houses and shops estimated to be worth over N200 million were reduced to ashes shortly after a controversial sermon by a Christian preacher, widely interpreted as inciting congregants to acts of violence. A self-proclaimed member of a witch cult, Ayuba Abba has confessed to having razed houses and shops belonging to his alleged fellow cult members in Adamawa state, Northeast Nigeria.  On December 22, 2022, houses and shops estimated to be worth over N200 million were reduced to ashes shortly after a controversial sermon by a Christian preacher, widely interpreted as inciting congregants to acts of violence.  However, in a bizarre narration of his account of how it happened, Abba, a Muslim, told SaharaReporters exclusively that he was responsible for the arson attacks.  On December 29, 2022, SaharaReporters reported that houses and foodstuffs worth millions of naira were allegedly burnt on the orders of a Christian preacher, Emmanuel Nachamada Musa in the state.  SaharaReporters learnt that the cleric, who is the President of Emnamu Foundation, a charity organisation, at a crusade in Kala'a town in the Hong Local Government of the state, allegedly instigated congregants to kill and burn down houses belonging to perceived enemies and those practising witchcraft in the community.  However, Abba claimed that his action merely coincided with the preacher's controversial message. According to him, it was a classical war between rival cults.  "Yes, I burnt down the houses of John Chavala and Isaac Edmond Hyelldendu because they practise witchcraft in our community. I mean black witchcraft.  "Make no mistake, I know them because I have a spiritual give; I mean, I belong to the same witchcraft cult, but mine is white witchcraft. I don't eat human souls, but they do.  "Believe me, the duo and others in our community practise the type of witchcraft that targets human souls or young people's destinies. Often young people with bright futures would run into one calamity or the other and eventually die mysteriously.  "As you can see me with broken arm, this happened to me sometime around July 2022 when I got involved in what I clearly see as a spiritually arranged auto crash.  "I'm telling you nothing but the truth. Look at me very well, I'm not a thug or a miscreant; I'm a civil servant, a teacher for that matter at Government Day Secondary School, Kala'a.  "Look, Mr. Journalist, what happened on December 22, 2022 was nothing but a rival cults' war. Unfortunately, it coincided with a Christian crusade. All the same, I don't regret my action because I've attempted this for a long time and thank God I succeeded this time," Abba narrated.  Asked how he was able to conduct such a large-scale attack, Abba said, "I had my gallon of petrol handy and with the help of some guys I hired from Mubi, we were able to teach John Chavala and Isaac Edmond a bitter lesson."  The Adamawa state police command has confirmed arresting the arsonist, as disclosed by the spokesperson for the command, SP Suleiman Nguroje.  Nguroje said, "Yes, one Ayuba Abba is in our custody and right now we're gathering both human and material evidence, after which he would be charged to court for the law to take its course."