At least four persons have been killed by gunmen suspected to be herdsmen at Gambar Sabon Layi community in the Tafawa Balewa Local Government Area of Bauchi State, Northeast Nigeria. Terrorists Invade Bauchi Community, Northeast Nigeria, Kill Four, Kidnap One Other  At least four persons have been killed by gunmen suspected to be herdsmen at Gambar Sabon Layi community in the Tafawa Balewa Local Government Area of Bauchi State, Northeast Nigeria.  According to locals, the gunmen invaded the community on Sunday morning, shooting indiscriminately.  A resident said that the gunmen kidnapped one Mr Daniel Dabwa and killed some others.  He called on the state governor, Bala Mohammed to intervene.  “What a Black Sunday Fulani herdsmen has taken over my community  at 3 AM this morning in GAMBAR SABON LAYI ZINDIR COMMUNITY tafawa balewa local government Bauchi state of Nigeria and  four people where killed and one was kidnapped Mr Daniel Dabwa the younger brother of S, K, Dabwa for this we are calling on to Governor of Bauchi state senator Bala Muhammad kaura to come for justice with necessary action please,” he posted. The public relations officer of the state police command, SP Ahmed Mohammed Wakil in a statement confirmed the incident.  The statement read, “A distress call received by the command on the 22nd January 2022 at about 0345hrs indicates that on the same date at about 0200hrs, some unknown gunmen invaded Gambar Sabon layi village and attacked innocent residents.  “On receiving the report, detectives of the command were drafted to the scene led by the DPO Tafawa Balewa Divisional Police Headquarters evacuated the victims to the Tafawa Balewa General Hospital for medical treatment.  “Unfortunately, four victims were certified dead by the medical doctor, while one person sustained various degrees of injury during the attack.  “Similarly, one person was confirmed to have been kidnapped to an unknown destination by the assailants.  “The Commissioner of Police CP Aminu Alhassan psc (+) directed a discreet investigation to commence in earnest to arrest the perpetrators of this dastardly act to face the wrath of the law.”