He was immediately replaced by the former Vice-chairman, Bayelsa Central, Ebi Sikpi. The lingering crisis rocking the fold of the Labour Party in Bayelsa State has deepened with the sack of the party chairman, Eneyi Zidougha, over alleged abuse of party funds, anti-part activities and switching of candidates of the party. He was immediately replaced by the former Vice-chairman, Bayelsa Central, Ebi Sikpi. The Assistant Secretary of the party, Comrade Theophilus Taribo, who confirmed that the new chairman's appointment was made during a well-attended Congress held at the Party Secretariat in Yenagoa said it was in accordance with the law. He expressed joy at the transfer of power, stressing that with a competent and determined leader like Sikpi, the Labour Party in Bayelsa was well-positioned for victory in the 2023 general elections. Accepting the position, Comrade Ebi Sikpi, the new chairman, vowed to quell the animosity in the party caused by the former chairman, Eneyi Zidougha, and to work in unity with the executives and party members, while ensuring that all lapses would be remedied and the party's image in Bayelsa state would be redeemed. Meanwhile, members of the Labour Party staged a demonstration outside the party Secretariat prior to the Congress over the reluctance of security officers believed to be acting on the directions of the former party chairman, Eneyi Zidougha, to give them admission to the premises where the Congress would be held. While voicing his displeasure, Abraham Gillet, the leader of the Concerned Labour Party critical stakeholders in Bayelsa, stated that the Labour Party was not Zidougha's private property and hence he had no authority to prevent the congress from taking place. Gillet bemoaned the fact that the Labour party had lost thousands of supporters in the state under Zidougha, insisting that the only way to move forward was for him to step aside and give someone else the chance to lead the party. Some stakeholders, such as the Labour party women leader, Bayelsa Central, Comrade Linda Lazarus, and the secretary of the Labour party in Sagbama Local Government Area, Stephen Morris Binaowi, described Zidougha as an adversary of the party's advancement, pointing out that Zidougha replaced trustworthy candidates who had been elected to flag the party's flag as part of his plans to thwart the efforts of the Labour party in the state. Other allegations include non-disclosure of donations by individuals for programmes and projects and the questionable disbursement of funds that led to some unpleasant and embarrassing conducts before the party's flag bearer at the Ox-Bow Lake Pavilion during the state rally.