While commending the outgoing Chief Justice of Oyo State for the release of the 11 detained EndSARS protesters, TIB also demanded that #EndSars Panel of Enquiry Report should be released and compensations paid to all victims both incarcerated and not incarcerated. Human rights and pro-democracy group, Take-It-Back Movement (TIB), Oyo State chapter, has called on the Oyo State Government to release its White Paper on #EndSars Ojoo Massacre and commence immediate prosecution of Sergeant Sunday and Assistant Commissioner of Police, Alalade David, for the atrocities they committed during the protests. While commending the outgoing Chief Justice of Oyo State for the release of the 11 detained EndSARS protesters, TIB also demanded that #EndSars Panel of Enquiry Report should be released and compensations paid to all victims both incarcerated and not incarcerated. TIB in statement signed by Solomon Emiola, titled: "Freedom Cometh By Struggle!" stated the release of the 11 EndSARS protesters didn't come to them as shock, rather it was a delayed action with political undertones. The rights group insisted that the struggle against all forms of brutality by security agencies must continue until each agency included constitutional rights in their curriculum and in practice. The statement reads, "We are pleased to announce to the populace of Oyo State and Nigeria at large that #FreeOyo11 #EndSarsProtesters were released on January 10, 2023 following the action of the outgoing Chief Justice of Oyo State on his three days visit to correctional centres within the State to decongest the prisons in exercising his judicial mandate. "The Chief Justice's action was not a shock to us but a delayed action with political undertones. The struggle continues; no amount of delay tactics by the State and its machinery can deter or intimidate us until we get justice. "On the action of the Chief Justice on 9th of January 2023 when he commenced the visitation for prison decongestion, the #EndSarsProtesters were not on their list and we swung into action to challenge the omission, it was later reconsidered and their names were included on 10th of January 2023. Although this was a welcome development, it should be a regular responsibility not an event towards Chief Justice's end of tenure exercise. "Quick reminder, #FreedOyo11 #EndSarsProtester were arrested on November 13, 2020, tortured for thirteen days (13), dumped at Abolongo Correctional Center at Oyo town before they were brought down to Agodi Correctional Centre in Ibadan. From the day of their arrest up till now makes it three years of awaiting trial. "During that period of three years, we had three justices on their case alone and none of them were able to conclude the trial due to political cards being played by Oyo State Government; from Justice Moshood Abass who was promoted within the trial period to Justice Ladiran Akintola who spent a year without commencing the trial. He was transferred to Oyo town, then a new Judge now at High Court 7 was appointed. "On the appearances before the new Judge in November, it was adjournment upon adjournment until the10th of January, 2023 that we were able to appear before him but the court did not sit and yet another date was picked which is February 15, 2023 to commence the trial properly. They imagined we would fold our arms and wait again. “We put the following demands forward to Oyo State Government, Attorney General of the State, Chief Justice, Nigeria Bar Association, and radical Civil Society Organizations: "Release the #EndSars Panel of Enquiry Report. Oyo State Government White Paper on #EndSars Ojoo Massacre. Prosecution of Sergeant Sunday and ACP Alalade David should commence. And Compensations to all victims both incarcerated and not incarcerated." 