This was confirmed by DSP Alfred Alabo, the State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, narrating that the Speaker was trailed by armed men in an ash-coloured Honda CR-V to his residence at the Federal Low-cost in Jos at about 20 minutes past 11pm but the attempt by the three occupants of the vehicle to enter his house and kidnap him was foiled by the timely response of the police. Operatives of the Nigeria Police Force, the Plateau State command, on Friday night foiled an attempt by suspected kidnappers to whisk away the Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Yakubu Sanda. This was confirmed by DSP Alfred Alabo, the State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, narrating that the Speaker was trailed by armed men in an ash-coloured Honda CR-V to his residence at the Federal Low-cost in Jos at about 20 minutes past 11pm but the attempt by the three occupants of the vehicle to enter his house and kidnap him was foiled by the timely response of the police. He said, “The aggressive fight against crime and criminality has continued to frustrate the evil and dastardly act of men of the underworld in the State through the effective and proactive crime prevention strategies put in place by the chief crime buster of the state, CP Bartholomew Onyeka. “The strategy designed by the Commissioner of Police has yielded enormous and laudable operational successes in recent times. This time around, it has assisted greatly in foiling a kidnapping attempt on the Speaker of the Plateau State House of Assembly, Rt Hon. Yakubu Sanda. “On 06/01/2023 at about 2320hrs while the Speaker arrived at his residence at Federal Low-cost in Jos, three unidentified gunmen operating in an Ash colored CR-V Jeep trailed him to his residence and attempted to enter his house to kidnap him but their mission was made impossible by the intrepid police officers on guard duty, and the timely response of the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) Rantya Division, SP Ayuba Iliya and his men who joined forces with the men on guard duty and repelled the evil act. “However, the Command is making a concerted effort to track down the fleeing suspects and get them arrested. As a result, the Nigerian Police Force commends members of the public for being concerned about what is going on in their various communities and volunteering to provide timely information to the police for prompt action.”  “He urges residents of the State to go about their lawful businesses as the police are working to ensure the safety of all,” the police spokesman added.  