When the case came up for mention on Monday, none of the Defendants were present in court or represented. A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, has adjourned till March 16, 2023 for the continuation of hearing in the suit challenging the appointment of Mrs Stella Okotete as the Executive Director, Nigeria Export-Import Bank (NEXIM). The Incorporated Trustees of Ilaje Global Think Thank Initiative had sued Mrs Okotete, President Muhammadu Buhari and the Attorney-General of the Federation Abubakar Malami (SAN) as Defendants in suit No: FHC/ABJ/CS/2233. It avowed that the appointment of Okotete as the Executive Director NEXIM grossly violated the Central Bank’s Act as statutory provisions. When the case came up for mention on Monday, none of the Defendants were present in court or represented. Mr Ayodele Ademiluyi, Esq represented Aare Hassan the plaintiff and Myson Nejo Esq represented Incorporated Trustees of Ilaje Global Think Thank. Plaintiff Counsels told the presiding judge, Justice Obiora Egwuatu that the matter was for mention. The court however, ordered that the proof of service be put in the court file at the next adjourned date and consequently fixed March 16, 2023. Speaking to journalists shortly after the court sitting, Counsel to the Plaintiff, Aare Hassan, said that he had filed for joinder in an existing matter before the Federal High court. According to him, “Our Joinder is predicated on being necessary party that our position is clear that Stella Okotete’s appointment by President Muhammadu Buhari falls short of the law and is in gross violation of the Central Bank’s Act as statutory provisions. “That is what we are joining the court today and application is presently before the court though it has been adjourned till March 16th, 2023 for continuation and hearing to be served on the Defendants, and ordered that the record of service be properly brought before the court. "We still believe that the court remained the last hope of the common man and justice will surely be served at the end. "We hope that this matter before the court will give balancing and fair hearing to all parties concerned, including Stella Okotete, the Executive Director of NEXIM Bank whom we are challenging.” Hassan further, expressed optimism that at the end of the whole process, the court would reach a final conclusion on interpreting the resolution of the National Assembly that gave a statutory order that Stella Okotete be immediately removed and relieved of her position. He said that other key investigations on NEXIM bank were ongoing before the Inspector General of Police (IGP), which is aimed to unravel some irregularities. Mr Ayodele Ademiluyi, Counsel to Aare, said the court matter came up for mention and the court ordered that proof of service be put in the court file at the next adjournment date. “It is clear that impunity cannot continue to reign in our land; there were a lot of appointments made under this regime without cognisance alignment with the enabling Act. “A case in point is this appointment of Okotete of NEXIM Bank, the bank is a key financial institution in the eco system of our economy and should not be placed in the hands of incompetent persons,” he said. 