A former campaign director of the All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council, Hajiya Naja'atu Muhammad has identified Nigeria’s First Lady, Aisha Buhari, as a member of the cabal in Aso Rock (Presidential Villa). Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State earlier lamented that a cabal in the Presidential Villa was working against the APC presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu. El-Rufai during an interview with Channels TV alleged that some cabal in Aso Rock was working to frustrate the victory of Tinubu in the forthcoming election, a video Aisha Buhari reposted on her Instagram page. But featuring on the Arise TV Morning Show programme on Monday, Mohammad said that unlike Governor El-Rufai who was not able to mention the names of the members of the cabal, she was not afraid to mention names, and that one of them is the First Lady. Speaking during the programme monitored by SaharaReporters, Mohammad said, "What constitutes a cabal? We have to even tried to understand what a cabal is and a cabal is a secret political group or faction that are like masked but they manipulate and control the system. They manipulate and control everything that runs in the government. “Let me tell you who one of the cabals is, it is Aisha Buhari. Aisha Buhari that is talking today is part of the cabals. We knew the cabals of the late Abba Kyari. The Mamman Daura that she couldn't come out to say it. "When she started talking about the cabals, she glossed on it. She didn’t have the guts to come out and name names. I named names for the first time in Nigeria, I started to name names. “She (Aisha) reinforced what El-Rufai said. She agreed with what El-Rufai said. El-Rufai said that ‘the cabals in the villa’, and she confirmed it. But what I'm saying is that she is also part of the cabals. I am trained not to say the details. We are trained to leave names. You have to have the guts to tell Nigerians who the cabals are. "They are talking about the cabals and they are talking about themselves. What El-Rufai is saying is, while changing money is good but why now, for elections. Is it about the elections or is it about Nigerians that are suffering? And whose elections? Their elections. "When they are talking about cabals, Aisha Buhari's brother, same mother, same father is the DG (Director General) or MD (Managing Director) of minting and printing. So, what are they talking about?”  