The petition accused the state police spokesman, Benjamin Hundeyin of making the controversial comment. A Lagos-based legal practitioner, C. S. Olisakwe Esq of Chukwunonso Ikenna Chambers has petitioned the state police commissioner over an alleged discriminatory Twitter comment allegedly made by the police spokesman against Igbo traders. The petition accused the state police spokesman, Benjamin Hundeyin of making the controversial comment.  According to a copy of the petition seen by SaharaReporters, Mr Olisakwe alleged that on Monday, Hundeyin, while reacting to a call for help that some hoodlums were attacking Igbo people on Lagos Island, did not make proper verification before describing the news as fake.  The lawyer claimed Hundeyin violated laws governing the operations of the Nigeria Police Force by claiming that Igbo traders violated the earlier agreement by opening shops on Mondays without proper investigation into the matter.    The legal practitioner said, “I C.S Olisakwe Esq. a Legal Petitioner of the above address and law firm do hereby petition as follows:  “That on the 27th day of February, 2023 the PRO of the Lagos state Police Command one Mr. SP Benjamin Hundeyin while responding to a call for help by a tweep known as ‘Chlorpheniramine #Obidients @ Victor Isreal’ that Igbos were being attacked on Lagos Island by hoodlums twitted that:  "’This is fake news. The market association agreed that shops would remain closed yesterday and today, Igbo traders this morning decided to renege on this agreement and open shops. Some hoodlums took it upon themselves to enforce compliance. The police was alerted’.   “The above tweet (copy attached) was made by Mr. Hundeyin without necessarily disclosing how he arrived at the incredulous conclusion that it was only ‘Igbo traders’ that opened shops.   “Curiously too Mr. Hundeyin whose job it is as a police officer to arrest and unmask criminals could not tell us the identity of the hoodlums whom he apparently made a case to justify their behavior. “It can be seen from Mr. Hundeyin's tweet that he was discriminatory and considering the circumstances and tense situation of the Country at this time and being capable of knowing that his tweet is capable of putting Igbos in bad light or even instigating attacks against them.  “It is also known fact that the Law frowns at self-help no matter the excuse and that "Hoodlums" are not Law officers empowered to enforce any market law or regulations so as to necessitate the unsolicited justification and excuse offered by Mr. Hundeyin.  “It is clear from the above that Mr. Hundeyin's dishonourable conduct offends section 96(1) (b-c), section 96 (2) of the Nigeria Police Force (Establishment) Act, 2020 and behaviour expected of an SP of Police who is also the spokesman of the Police Force in Lagos state.  “I therefore request that you use your good office to investigate and take all necessary actions on this matter and do justice.”   “Justice in this case must not just be done but must be seen to be done,” he added.   