Speaking on Wednesday, during the celebration of the 2023 World Hijab Day, Amirah (female president) of MSSN Lagos, Azeezah Gidigbih, called on the government of Lagos State to sack and prosecute any teacher or principal who violates the order of the court on hijab. The Muslim Students Society of Nigeria, Lagos State Area Unit has advised members to be courageous to wear hijab to schools despite the pockets of harassment and victimisation experienced in a few schools.  Speaking on Wednesday, during the celebration of the 2023 World Hijab Day, Amirah (female president) of MSSN Lagos, Azeezah Gidigbih, called on the government of Lagos State to sack and prosecute any teacher or principal who violates the order of the court on hijab.  World Hijab Day is marked globally on February 1st to celebrate women wearing hijabs and discourage discrimination.  In her address, Gidigbih explained that the theme of the 2023 WHD, 'Progression not Oppression', reflects the situation of hijab-wearing students in Nigeria.  She said, "Just like yesterday, we jubilated when the Supreme Court after a legal tussle of about 10 years granted us victory over the use of hijab in schools.  "Indeed, we are making progress. Our efforts are yielding positive results and we won't rest until we achieve 100 % compliance on the use of hijab by our members," she added.  While threatening to sue anyone found harassing students and denying them their rights to use hijab in schools, Gidigbih challenged the Lagos State Government to publicly sanction any erring principal or teacher.  Gidigbih, who appreciated the Lagos State Government for issuing a circular to permit hijab in public schools, lamented the continuous harassment of its members wearing hijab after the Supreme Court judgment and the state government's circular in 2022.  She said, "It is no longer news that in June 2022, the Supreme Court approved for students to use the hijab in all schools. This move has however not deterred some overzealous school administrators who still throw caution to the wind and harass students without regard for the constitution and directives from their employers.  "We recommend that they should be demoted, sacked, prosecuted and jailed instead of just being transferred as witnessed in recent cases. These disobedient elements don't deserve to be in our education system in Lagos State.  "While we are not against students conforming to school rules and regulations on dress code, we will not allow the effect of the Supreme Court judgment to be watered down and rendered worthless."  She also hailed the recent appointment of Dr Shareefah Adejoke Yusuf as the Tutor-General/Permanent Secretary, Education District VI by the Lagos State Government.  "Just like every other year, the issues are the same. Muslimahs have shown over time that a whole lot can be achieved with the hijab and like others, we should be allowed to show our capabilities.  "Worthy of note is the recent appointment of a hijabi Dr Shareefah Adejoke Yusuf as the Tutor-General/ Permanent Secretary, Education District VI by the Lagos State government. This is an affirmation that the hijab is not a limiting factor to the success of any individual. We commend the Lagos State for this move and we are certain of more success in the nearest future with more innovation and achievements by other hijabis," she stated.