Her abductors were said to have contacted her family to demand a ransom of N60 million. Some gunmen have reportedly abducted the Cross River State Commissioner for Women Affairs, Mrs Gertrude Njar at Mayne Avenue-Atamunu axis in Calabar South.  Her abductors were said to have contacted her family to demand a ransom of N60 million.  The abduction of Njar, on Wednesday morning, is coming barely 72 hours after an aide to a federal lawmaker, Mr Kenneth Abang was abducted along Calabar-Ikom federal highway.  Vanguard reports that the Women Affairs Commissioner was abducted alongside a young woman, whose identity was yet to be ascertained.  It was reported that Kenneth Abang and her relative, Eunice were abducted at Iwuru axis of Calabar-Ikom highway on Tuesday, January 31, 2023. Abang and her relative, Eunice were on their way to Boki for Abang’s father’s burial.  The former local government chairman and former commissioner, Ntufam Donatus Etim and a director at the state’s fire service unit were shot at different locations along the same Calabar-Ikom federal highway on Saturday, January 28, 2023.  Etim was said to be in the company of his friend while returning to Calabar after attending to a burial ceremony at the central part of the state when the hoodlums opened fire indiscriminately against the travellers. Bullets hit one of his legs and the person in his car. The duo are currently receiving medical attention at one of the private hospitals.  An eyewitness, Sunday Modim who spoke to the paper, disclosed that the Commissioner, Mrs Njar was accosted by gunmen claiming to be military personnel along Mayne Avenue by Atamunu Street at about 8:00 am, demanding to know why she was driving a car with a covered number plate.  According to Modim, while Mrs Njar was trying to explain and call some top government officials to come to her aid, the kidnappers abruptly stopped her calls, dragged her into her official vehicle and whisked her away to an unknown destination.  Another eyewitness said that another yet-to-be-identified lady was also picked up by the hoodlums at about 9:00 am on Wednesday at Mayne Avenue.  As at the time of this report, a source close to the Abang’a family revealed that the kidnappers have called and demanded a ransom of 60 million before the duo can regain their freedom.  Meanwhile, a team of operatives discovered the Commissioner’s shoes on the track used by her abductors into the creeks in Calabar South.  The State Police Public Relations Officer, SP Irene Ugbo, who confirmed the abductions, told SaharaReporters that a crack team of the command was already on the trail of the kidnappers 