According to him, the clarion call became imperative following the incessant, brutal killing of innocent residents of Ebonyi State.  The apex socio-cultural youth organisation of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Ohanaeze Youth Council, (OYC) has accused Governor David Umahi-led administration of using the South-East security network, Ebubeagu, to terrorise the residents of the state. OYC national President, Igboayaka O. Igboayaka disclosed this while addressing newsmen in Abakiliki, Ebonyi State capital. Igboayaka called on the Nigerian government to abolish the security network. According to him, the clarion call became imperative following the incessant, brutal killing of innocent residents of Ebonyi State. He lamented that if nothing was done to disband the security outfit, the state would experience inexplicable bloodbath that would be perpetrated by the alleged trigger-happy group. "Ohanaeze Youth observed that around January/February 2022, over 20 youths were killed at Akaeze, and their dead bodies were dumped at Ivo River, in Ivo local government. Unfortunately for the killer Squad, Ebube Agu, they ran out of lock when they killed another youth within the period identified as Mr. Nnaogo Ajali, from Amarameze Umobor Akaeze in Ivo local government. They killed the poor young man with a hammer, tortured him through his penis. "In another horrific incident, Ebube Agu killed one Comrade Onyekachi Okor (aka Elueke) from Umuoji Umobor Akaeze whom they also butchered and cut off his private parts. "Over 30 youths from Akaeze who dared to protest the intimidating act and murderers actions of Ebube Agu Militias group were arrested and dumped at Ebonyi State prison on the orders of Governor David Umahi. These are typical evidences that the democratic government has left Ebonyi State, and has been replaced by the tyrannical government of David Umahi. “More than 70 Akaeze youths have fled out of their land due to incessant killings and arrest of Ebube Agu Militias squad of the incumbent governor, David Umahi. "The tyrannical rulership of Gov. David Umahi has made many villages in Ebonyi a ghost village. It would be recalled also that during the December 2022 village football tournament which extended to January 3, 2023 at Iyioji Secondary school Akaeze Ivo local government, Ebube Agu stormed the field shooting sporadically, although no live was lost but over 20 youths were arrested, all master-minded through one Hon. Onyewuchi Agbadu an APC house of Assembly Candidate of Ivo local government whose services, Gov. Umahi deploys in perpetuating his evil aganda in Ebonyi State. "Earlier, around March 2, 2022, the National Youth President of Akaeze Youth Forum Sunday Ajaero, a vocal youth was kidnapped from Onitsha by a team led by Onyebuchi Agbadu and his brother Emmanuel Agbadu still on the instruction of Governor David Umahi. "Ebube Agu Militias squad in Ebonyi State is now a terror to villagers and a tool of harassment, torture and intimidation against any perceived political enemy of Governor David Umahi. "The activities of Ebube Agu are becoming too worrisome and unbearable. For instance, we gathered that on 8 February 2023, at Ohaozara, about six (6) people were shot, one youth was shot on the chest, with a teenager, one pregnant woman and one military personnel received a gunshot from Ebube Agu Militias. Those who ran for their lives during the shooting were pursued by Ebube Agu into Mr. Ogbonnaya Eleodi's compound for protection (opposite secretariat), and many people were injured whereas not fewer than 8 vehicles were destroyed by Ebube Agu Militias squad." Comrade Igboayaka, therefore, urged the Inspector General of Police and all other heads of various security agencies to act fast and prevent the looming blood bath that might strike during the elections, if Ebube Agu continues operation in the state, regretting that the said security outfit is merely set up to serve in the interest of the Governor Umahi. "The National Security Adviser, National Director of State Security Service, Inspector General of Police must as a matter of urgency understand that Ebube Agu in Ebonyi State is merely serving the interest of Gov. David Umahi, and it's a time bomb waiting to blow, an incident that will interrupt national peace and a direct security threat to the nation. "It is, therefore, very necessary at this time to banish Abube Agu Militias in Ebonyi before 2023 general election otherwise heads will roll in Ebonyi,” Igboayaka concluded.