The group said this on its verified Twitter handle on Thursday. The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has again urged the presidential candidates ahead of Saturday's presidential election to publicly reject vote-buying before and during the elections.  The group said this on its verified Twitter handle on Thursday. It called on Atiku Abubakar, Peter Obi, Bola Tinubu and Rabiu Kwankwaso, the presidential candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party, Labour Party, All Progressives Congress and New Nigeria People’s Party respectively to publicly publish details of their assets and liabilities.  "We’re again calling on Atiku, Obi, Tinubu and Kwankwaso to publish their assets and publicly reject vote buying before and during the elections," SERAP wrote.  SERAP in June 2022 sent an open letter to presidential candidates ahead of the February 2023 presidential election, urging them to “urgently publish details of their assets and liabilities”.  The group also urged the presidential candidates to reject vote-buying and electoral bribery before and during the elections.  SERAP disclosed this in an open letter dated June 11, 2022, and signed by SERAP deputy director, Kolawole Oluwadare.  It said: “While there is no constitutional requirement for presidential candidates to publish their assets and liabilities before elections, doing so would show that you can stand up for transparency in assets declaration by public officers if elected.  “The public office is a public trust. As such, the voters deserve to hear from presidential candidates regarding what they will do about issues of public interest, particularly with respect to integrity, selflessness, openness, accountability, human rights, and the rule of law if elected.”  It urged the aspirants to show their “commitment to addressing these fundamental issues of public interest by immediately publishing details of your assets and rejecting vote-buying, intimidation and harassment”. Meanwhile, last year, the presidential candidate of the African Action Congress, Omoyele Sowore, took up the challenge and publicly declared his assets. “Dear ‪@YeleSowore Ahead of the February 2023 presidential election, we're again calling on you to show leadership by urgently publishing details of your assets and publicly rejecting vote-buying and electoral bribery before and during the elections,” SERAP had tweeted. Responding, Sowore said he had two cars, a house in his hometown in Ondo State worth N5million among other assets. He added that he had never operated any offshore account(s) or hidden any asset in a tax haven. “I have 2 used cars: a Toyota Camry & Lexus RX 350, a home in my village worth maybe N5m, three iPhones, a Galaxy Note 10 Lite (if you could call those assets), SaharaReporters Media Group (don’t know the worth as of today), a four bedroom bungalow in New Jersey & nothing more,” Sowore said. “The Federal government of Nigeria froze my bank accounts since 2019 after I was arrested over ‪#RevolutionNow protest on August 3rd 2019. A ‪@gtbank account I operated in Nigeria had N4,800 left in before my arrest, I managed to open a ‪ @kudabankhelp with N463.00 as of this evening. “I reject vote-buying on or before 2023 election date. I also recently opened a ‪@capitalone US bank account that has in it about $300, I have a ‪@ZenithBank campaign account for the ‪#Sowore2023 Presidential account. I have nothing more besides financial support that I occasionally get from friends and family (if those count as assets). “I have never operated any offshore account(s) or worked with a tax haven to hide my assets. These are the assets I have in my entire life.”  Reply allReplyForward