The incident occurred at about 10:00p.m at Tambaya’s residence at Gure village in Lere Local Government Area of the state when he was away at a political meeting in Kaduna, the state capital. Gunmen on Friday night invaded the residence of the Kaduna State Labour Party’s (LP) House of Representatives candidate for Lere Federal Constituency, Suleiman Tambaya, killing two persons. The incident occurred at about 10:00p.m at Tambaya’s residence at Gure village in Lere Local Government Area of the state when he was away at a political meeting in Kaduna, the state capital. The assassination attempt on the Labour Party’s House of Representatives candidate is coming barely three months after gunmen also attacked and killed the Party’s women leader, Mrs Victoria Chimtex, in her residence in Kaura Local Government Area of the state in November 2022. Recall that the gunmen who killed the Labour Party women leader in the state also shot her husband in the leg. However, till date, no arrest has been made on Victoria’s killers. Meanwhile, Tambaya while narrating the attempted assassination on him just a few weeks to the 2023 general elections, said that for divine intervention and the prompt response from the members of the community and local vigilante, it would have been a “different story by now.” According to PUNCH, Tambaya also confirmed that the police in Lere also responded to the distressed call made to them. “I was planning to go home on Friday but I  spoke to our governorship candidate and he asked me to come and see him. That was when I diverted and came to Kaduna. “At about 10:00 pm on Friday, some seven armed men came to my house in the village (Gure), asking about my whereabouts and that they said I am supposed to be home. “Some young men in my house were able to escape and raised an alarm; members of the community came and the vigilante too came out and confronted them. But unfortunately, in the process, gunmen killed two of our boys. “You know the community has a vigilante team and immediately they responded but in the process, the gunmen shot two of our boys. One of the boys died on the spot while the other one died at the hospital. “We reported the case to the Divisional Police Officer and he promptly mobilise personnel to the scene of the incident,” Tambaya explained. However, neither the Kaduna State Police Command nor the state government has made an official statement on the incident at the time of filing this report, as the state Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Mohammad Jalige, did not answer calls made to his phone number. 