Sowore, who stated via his official Twitter handle on Tuesday, said that Ortom, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) one of the aggrieved G-5 governors who had vowed not to support the presidential candidate of their party, unless the National Chairman, Senator Iyiochia Ayu stepped down for a Southerner, had used "Fulanis" to successfully fool many people. The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore, has lambasted the Benue State Governor, Mr Samuel Ortom for failing to provide good governance for his people. Sowore, who stated via his official Twitter handle on Tuesday, said that Ortom, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) one of the aggrieved G-5 governors who had vowed not to support the presidential candidate of their party, unless the National Chairman, Senator Iyiochia Ayu stepped down for a Southerner, had used "Fulanis" to successfully fool many people. Ortom who is contesting for Benue North Central senatorial district under the platform of PDP, on Monday, vowed that he can sacrifice his political ambition to ensure that the Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi wins this Saturday's election. He spoke at an event organised by the Igbo community in Benue State where he was given a title. Along with posting a picture of Ortom taken during the investiture, the AAC presidential candidate slammed the governor, describing him as an "opportunist". Sowore wrote: "This joker @GovSamuelOrtom of Benue state actually used “Fulanis” to successfully fool many people.” "He’s one of the worst governors in Nigeria. A real opportunist. He doesn’t pay salaries, didn’t develop Benue and his only achievement are these funny hats he dons once in a while," he added. This joker @GovSamuelOrtom of Benue state actually used “Fulanis” to successfully fool many people. He’s one of the worst governors in Nigeria. A real opportunist. He doesn’t pay salaries, didn’t develop Benue and his only achievement are these funny hats he dons once in a while. pic.twitter.com/YahknxzZZL — Omoyele Sowore (@YeleSowore) February 21, 2023 On several occasions, Ortom has blamed Fulani herders or militia groups for attacks on Benue people. He has also accused President Muhammadu Buhari and the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Atiku Abubakar of supporting their kinsmen, whom he blames for deadly attacks in his state.