The duo alleged that the thugs attacked them on Sunday night and destroyed seven of their SUV vehicles on the instruction of Senator Ubah. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate for the Anambra South Senatorial District, Chris Uba and his All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) counterpart, Chris Azubogu, have accused the incumbent Senator, Ifeanyi Ubah, of assassination attempts on them.
The duo alleged that the thugs attacked them on Sunday night and destroyed seven of their SUV vehicles on the instruction of Senator Ubah.  SaharaReporters gathered that Chris Uba alleged that Senator Ubah ordered his security operatives to shoot him and Azubogu for coming to the Senatorial election collation centre of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to stop him from rigging Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly elections.
Chris Uba said, "I came to the collation center and had visited some polling units where they were voting without accreditation with BVAS and I said, no we must follow the Electoral Act.
"Ifeanyi Ubah had concluded arrangements to manipulate the election by not using the BVAS and at the Collation center Nnewi, I saw Ifeanyi Ubah and we traded banters but shortly after that, I was in my SUV when he came and was hitting his hand at my vehicle asking me to come down.
"When I was about stepping down from my vehicle, my security men advised me not to risk my life considering the determination of Ifeanyi to get rid of me, but I insisted and eventually came out of my vehicle, he pushed me and asked me why I had come to Nnewi and I told him that Nnewi is the Anambra South Senatorial Collation centre and he started shouting to his security operatives to shoot me and Chris Azubogu.
"They started shooting sporadically and beating up people and look at my four vehicles; they shot and busted the tyres and came to attack me and Azubogu.
"We had to run for our lives and on the way, my SUV fell into a ditch."
He called on the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC to disqualify Senator Ubah on the basis of thuggery and attempted assassination.
But reacting, Senator Ubah in a statement by his aide Kameh Ogbonna, alleged that, "The conceited attempt by the duo of Chris Uba and Chris Azubogu to hijack the collation process last night and relocate it to Awka in a clear bid to mutilate the ward results in their favour and declare a false electoral outcome boomeranged on their faces last night as they scampered to safety after they were roundly accosted by an angry mob of youths that trooped out to defend their votes.
"It took the intervention of the youths who quickly mobilised others and flooded the collation centre in their numbers to quell the attempt and restore normalcy to the tensed situation."  
However, the Media Assistant to Azubogu, Chris Macon, dismissed Ubah's claims, saying that Senator Ubah actually attacked his boss and Chris Uba.
Macon said, "Last night, (Sunday night), an attempt was made on the life of the 2023 APGA Candidate in last Saturday's Anambra South senatorial election on the express orders of Sen. Ifeanyi Ubah who ordered his gang of thugs, to the hearing of all, to kill Azubogu (a ranking sitting legislator representing the good people of Nnewi North, South and Ekwusigo federal constituency in the House of Representatives) if he stepped out of his SUV.
"That was after they had shot and punctured the tyres of Azubogu's SUV.
"While the above scenario was playing out, Sen. Ubah's thugs in their numbers were shooting sporadically into the air; perhaps, in an attempt to provoke DSS operatives attached to Rep. Azubogu into reacting; but the operatives were professional to the core in resisting the provocation."