Last Tuesday, Justice Egwuatu adjourned ruling on the bail application filed by Ali Bello and four others in the N3 billion money laundering trial to Monday, February 20, 2023. A Federal High Court in Abuja has granted Ali Bello and three others bail in the sum of N500 million each in the alleged N3 billion fraud trial.  Bello, who is the nephew of Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State is being prosecuted by Nigeria's anti-corruption agency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on 18 counts bordering on money laundering and misappropriation of about N3 billion.  The other defendants in the case are Abba Adauda, Yakubu Siyaka Adabenege, Iyada Sadat and the Kogi First Lady, Rashida Bello.   News Agency of Nigeria reports that the wife of the governor Yahaya Bello, Rashida was said to be at large.  SaharaReporters had reported that EFCC arraigned Governor Bello's nephew before Justice Obiora Egwuatu alongside Abba Adauda, Yakubu Siyaka Adabenege and Iyadai Sadat on February 8, 2023 and that they pleaded not guilty to all the counts.  Last Tuesday, Justice Egwuatu adjourned ruling on the bail application filed by Ali Bello and four others in the N3 billion money laundering trial to Monday, February 20, 2023.  On that day, defence counsel, Ahmed Raji, SAN, informed the court of two motions filed on February 7, 2023, seeking the withdrawal and replacement of the initial applications of January 26, 2023, on behalf of the defendants.  Ruling on their bail application on Monday when the trial resumed, Justice Egwuatu held that the charges against the defendants are bailable.   According to the judge, the bail will enable the defendants to prepare adequately for their trial.  He described granting of bail as being at the court’s discretion, saying he was inclined to admit the defendants to bail.  He said the sureties should be residents in Abuja, with identifiable addresses and owned landed property worth N500 million within the court’s jurisdiction.  The judge added that the original title documents of the property must be deposited with the court’s registrar, as well as evidence of tax payment for three years running from 2020 to 2022.  He also held that the defendants were to deposit their passports with the court and could only travel after due permission.  He subsequently adjourned the matter until April 16 for trial to begin.