Ahead of the general elections, the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has said it will carry out training in all its units for personnel that would be deployed for election support duties. The Chief of Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshal Oladayo Amao who, disclosed this during a meeting with Branch Chiefs, Air Officers Commanding (AOCs), Commandants and units Commanders held at Headquarters NAF, Abuja on Tuesday, charged personnel of NAF to remain apolitical throughout the elections. This was contained in statement the NAF's Director Public Relations and Information, Air Commodore Wap Maigida issued after the meeting titled: "CAS Meets Operational Commanders, Charges NAF Personnel To Remain Apolitical". According to the statement, as the NAF prepares to airlift election materials nationwide, Air Marshal Amao urged the Commanders to sensitise NAF personnel on the Code of Conduct for Armed Forces of Nigeria during elections, and also reminded them to be apolitical, particularly now that the elections are close. He added that the NAF would commence what he described as a realistic pre-induction training in all its units for personnel that would be deployed for election support duties. He charged NAF Commanders to synergy with other security agencies within their Areas of Responsibilities towards organising joint inter-agency training in order to enhance the capacity of law-enforcement agencies in discharging their respective roles during the elections. “NAF personnel are expected to work in synergy with other security agencies within their respective Areas of Responsibilities to ensure peaceful conduct of the forthcoming general elections," he said. The CAS highlighted that part of NAF’s responsibilities to provide aid to civil authority, include assisting the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in the airlift of election materials to various parts of the country. Air Marshal Amao also charged field commanders in various theatres of operation across the country to sustain the tempo of operations and onslaught against terrorists. The statement partly read, "Going by recent happenings in the country, it has become imperative for personnel to avoid any actions or utterances that could tarnish the image of the Service. "While commending efforts of Commanders and personnel at various theatres of operations across the country, the CAS noted that the remarkable successes recorded so far against insurgency and terrorism was as a result of hard work, dedication and sacrifices. "Speaking further, the CAS disclosed that the NAF, in 2021 and 2022 alone, trained a total of 9,148 personnel locally and 786 personnel overseas cutting across all aircrew and ground specialties. "According to him, currently a total of 122 personnel are undergoing foreign training while 1,057 are on local training and more would be processed for training in the course of the year."