Usman made this appeal while speaking at the school's 30th matriculation ceremony in Lokoja on Thursday. Dr Salisu Ogbo Usman, Rector of Kogi State Polytechnic, has appealed to the Nigerian Army authorities to warn its personnel who are fond of fomenting trouble at the Polytechnic's main campus in Lokoja at night.
Usman made this appeal while speaking at the school's 30th matriculation ceremony in Lokoja on Thursday. 
The rector lamented that military personnel had visited the campus on several occasions with the intention of “picking” girls, but had always caused a lot of trouble for the Polytechnic community. 
He emphasised that the supposed military personnel were turning themselves into security threats in most cases.
Usman observed that on one particular night, an unidentified military man arrived at the polytechnic and attacked the security guards on duty after requesting to be searched; he also descended on the guards.
He stated that another soldier had come to campus to beat up a female student for no apparent reason and that the harassment at the Polytechnic was becoming unbearable.
As a result, he admonished the Commander of Nigerian Army Records in Lokoja to warn those visiting the polytechnic community always to obey the laws and other rules and regulations of entering and exiting the campus in order to avoid catastrophe.
He, however, praised the collaboration between the state government and all security agencies in Kogi State, stating that the institution's management would continue to work with security agents in the state to ensure long-term peace and security in the state.
The rector announced at the institution's 30th matriculation ceremony that a total of 6,387 students had been admitted into the polytechnic's various programmes.
“Our new slogan and approach geared towards building a credible and sustainable system is 3Rs which is Repair, Restore and Reform . One hope and desire is that the principal beneficiaries for this slogan We are keen on training students that will represent the pride and good image of the institution ,and I have no doubt that this current set will play significant role”, the rector said.
As a result, the rector reminded matriculating students that the Polytechnic has a zero tolerance policy for all forms of social vices such as cultism, gun-running, examination malpractices, alcoholism, unhealthy social gatherings, cyber-crimes, and others.