The group had urged the President to use his constitutional powers as the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces to ensure that erring politicians were brought to book. A coalition of political parties under the aegis of the Coalition of United Political Party (CUPP), has disowned a petition sent to President Muham­madu Buhari against the sen­atorial candidate of the Peo­ples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kogi State, Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan.  Recall it was earlier widely reported that the group had sent a petition to President Buhari asking him to investigate certain politicians in Kogi State over an alleged attempt to disrupt the coming elections.  In the petition signed by no fewer than 15 leaders of the group, the group had urged the President to use his constitutional powers as the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces to ensure that erring politicians were brought to book.  However, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere, the CUPP spokesman in a statement released on Wednesday said the agents of Kogi State All Progressives Congress (APC) were desperate to tarnish the reputation of Kogi Central Senatorial Candidate, Akpoti-Uduaghan.  He claimed the circulated petition was not from the coalition and urged the public to ignore it.  He said, “The attention of the spokesman of the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) has been drawn to a letter purportedly written by the Coalition to President Muhammadu Buhari against Barrister Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan wherein claims were made that she imported Niger Delta militants to Okene during a rally which she organised. I wish to dissociate myself and the leadership of the CUPP from the said letter which was not authored or signed by my humble self or the Secretary of the Coalition High Chief Peter Ameh.  “Agents of APC desperate to tarnish the reputation of Mrs Akpoti-Uduaghan having seen that the people of Kogi Central have endorsed her as the next person to represent them as Senator in the National Assembly, should desist from doing anything to undermine her legitimate quest.”  The opposition coalition also called on Akpoti-Uduaghan to go about her campaign and ignore the shenanigans of her opponents who were already staring defeat in the face and not allow her focus to be shifted from the ball.  