 The topic of discussion in the tongues of every living thing in Nigeria at the moment is the upcoming presidential election. The political atmosphere is tense with melodramatic scenery, permutations are ongoing and political schemers are plotting sinister plans to either win or retain power.  There is desperation in the hearts of power gorgers who seek to clutch the fabrics of power through every available route. Scuttlebutt about a plot to install an interim government is in the streets. Although Nigeria's democracy is immature and grotty, this interim bunkum is most unlikely.  In the ruling party, All Progressives Congress, the chaos is climaxing. Camp A launching blitzkrieg against Camp B; Camp C destroying Camp D with explosives, all in the same party. The Central Bank's monetary policy has caused more division amongst power brokers in the party fueling the embers of the political fracas.  They criticize and frame allegations of betrayal against themselves. Some elements believe the powers in Aso Rock are cooking plans to frustrate the ambition of its candidate. The internal crisis in political parties is inevitable, but that of APC has reached the apogee of destruction. Whether they retain power or not, they have set a record of being the ruling party and acting as the opposition. The main opposition PDP has laid comatose for eight years.  Three days to the Presidential election, I have a familiar question to ask: who are you voting for? As you approach the ballot box on February 25, reflect on the last eight years of your life and the country. Also imagine the next eight years of your life. Think, of the drowning economy, the debilitating insecurity, the unbearable hardship, the sinking education sector, your future and that of your children. Allow your conscience to function without tribal and religious sentiment or bias.  This election will define a point in Nigeria's democracy going forward. It will determine whether power belongs to the people or the big pocket, corrupt elites. It will determine if the country's democracy remains rooted on sandy soil or if there is hope for progress as it should be in every sovereign democratic nation.  The presidential candidates have sold their manifestoes to Nigerians. We watched the comic shows bluffed as political campaigns which were more centered on attacking opposition politicians than selling their blueprint. Insecurity is the biggest challenge bedeviling the country. While the economy is important too, the stability of a nation's economy is hinged on security. Therefore, security, I think, should be the main focus.  Before you vote, these are important factors to consider: If Bola Ahmed Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress wins the Presidential election, it will be the first time Nigeria is governed by a Muslim President and a Muslim Vice President since 1999. This sets a precedent of a Muslim-Muslim ticket in Nigeria. It goes against the tradition of a religiously balanced ticket since return to democracy. Nigeria is a country that is almost evenly divided between Christians and Muslims. It is expected that the number one and two offices in Nigeria observe this balance for peaceful coexistence and religious harmony between the two faiths. He sighted competence as a criterion for his choice of a Muslim vice despite being a Muslim himself. But there are competent people in all religions in Nigeria including worshippers of Ogun, Amadioha and Sango.  If Atiku Abubakar of the People's Democratic Party wins, this automatically cancels the zoning arrangement which permits power to rotate between North and South after eight years. It takes us into another eight years of a Northern Muslim. The north will now rule for sixteen years. Since the return to democracy, the arrangement has been eight years of a northerner and eight years of a southerner.  The incumbent president, Muhammadu Buhari is a northerner from Katsina. In line with this zoning arrangement, it is expected that the next president of Nigeria comes from the south, pairing with a northern Muslim as vice President. Atiku's emergence as President will put an end to the zoning arrangement.  The third force candidate, Peter Obi of the Labour Party, is an Igbo man from the South East part of Nigeria. If he wins, he will become the first Igbo man to be elected president of Nigeria. It will be a defining point in Nigeria's political history because it is believed that the Igbos have been marginalized for a long time. Two men of Igbo origin have ruled Nigeria. One was a ceremonial President and the other was a military Head of state who grabbed power and ruled for six months after the January 15 1966 coup led by Major Kaduna Nzeogwu.  Peter Obi winning the Presidential seat will break this hoodoo on the Igbos. Propagandists have made futile attempts to link him with the IPOB separatist group. This is not only a conspiracy by hatchet jobbers but a conspiracy borne out of perceived hatred for the Igbos.  Now, having seen the precedents that are to come, it is expected that you approach the ballot box with a clear mind and conscience.  I strongly believe that whatever happens on February 25, Nigeria will prevail.