The group urged all political actors, especially political parties and their supporters to shun every temptation to intimidate and suppress the opposition or any other group of people from exercising their rights.   The Transition Monitoring Group has called on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to demonstrate neutrality and respect for its announced processes and guidelines as Nigerians go to the polls on February 25 and March 11. The group also urged the INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, national commissioners, state electoral commissioners, electoral officers and all returning officers to ensure the highest level of integrity and professionalism throughout the election. Auwal Ibrahim Musa (Rafsanjani), Chairman of TMG made this known in a statement signed and issued on Friday. He urged all political actors, especially political parties and their supporters to shun every temptation to intimidate and suppress the opposition or any other group of people from exercising their rights. The statement reads in part, "Nigerians will go to the polls on February 25 and March 11 to elect the president and national legislators, and governors and state legislators, respectively. It’s the 7th back-to-back elections, in a region where the risk of coup d’état is on the rise. "The Transition Monitoring Group commends Nigerians, especially the young people that have shown great enthusiasm since preparations commenced for the 2023 election. We urge Nigerians of all religious, ethnic and regional divides to go out on the scheduled dates to cast their votes to elect leaders across the various levels.” The group said it is working with various civil society networks across the country to mobilise voters, educate the public, and monitor voting throughout the country. It called on INEC to “continue to demonstrate neutrality and respect for its announced processes and guidelines,” saying such is important to maintain public confidence in the process. It said, "We further urge the INEC Chairman to ensure the highest level of integrity and professionalism throughout the commission, including national commissioners, state electoral commissioners, electoral officers and all returning officers. "Adequate and timely deployment of sensitive and non-sensitive materials: we urge INEC to follow its timeline and procedures to achieve the timely release and distribution of all essential and non-essential materials. Further, we urge INEC to remain resolute in its commitment to free and fair elections. "Recently, the Commission commenced daily briefing on the elections. We urge the Commission to keep to its promise and continue to speak to Nigerians to maintain their confidence and support. "Avoidance of intimidation and voter suppression: we call all political actors, especially political parties and their supporters to shun every temptation to intimidate and suppress opposition or any other group of people from exercising their rights.” It asked the Commission to prevail on polling officials to give special consideration to women, the elderly and Persons with Disabilities. It continued, "Extra protection for security flashpoints: various expert reports and analyses have identified more than twenty states described as high risk of violence. The states include all six states in the southwest, the BAY states in the northeast, parts of the southeast and south-south and the northwest region.” TMG called for the deployment of the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to monitor polling units and arrest and prosecute political agents and citizens who engage in vote trading during the election. 