She died last Thursday during the school’s inter-house sports competition at Agege Stadium. The Lagos State Government has ordered a coroner’s inquest into the death of 12-year-old Whytney Adeniran, a student of Chrisland School. She died last Thursday during the school’s inter-house sports competition at Agege Stadium. The public affairs unit of the state’s justice ministry said the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Moyosore Onigbanjo (SAN), gave the directive on Monday. The statement from the public affairs unit said, “A Coroner’s Inquest has immediately been requested, in line with section 14 and 15 of the Coroners’ Systems Law, Laws of Lagos State 2015, to determine the cause and circumstances of death.” Onigbanjo added that the findings of the investigation “will be made public in due course and appropriate sanctions meted out to anyone found culpable”.  This comes after the state education ministry ordered the temporary closure of the school following the tragedy.  A release signed by the state education commissioner, Mrs. Folasade Adefisayo said the closure was ordered pending the outcome of a full investigation into the unfortunate incident. Mrs. Adefisayo, on behalf of the State Ministry of Education, commiserated with the parents of the deceased schoolgirl, and prayed for the repose of her soul.   “We also note the impact of this unfortunate event on family, friends and acquaintance of Whytney and call for calm as we assure that no effort will be spared in investigating the incident,” the Commissioner stated. Following the closure order, security officials have been stationed at the entrance of the school.  SaharaReporters earlier reported that a yet-to-be identified student of the school alleged that Whytney died from electrocution.  The purported Chrisland student made the claim in a trending audio.  She said the deceased died after mistakenly touching a naked wire from one cotton candy vendor machine.  “We went for inter-house sport and in my own school, we do go to the stadium. In the stadium, there are machines like cotton candy vendor machine, popcorn machine and stuff like that.  “So Whytney always buys like popcorn, so she went there; she was so excited for inter-house sport, you know and she now mistakenly touched the cotton candy vendor machine, she now got electrocuted and then she now fainted.   “Her mouth was foaming; her veins were popping. Her tongue just disappeared, they now poured water on her and took her to the back, and then they took her to the hospital,” the student said in the audio.