Umahi, who is also the South East Governors’ Forum chairman, reintroduced the State Neighborhood Security Watch and Ebonyi State Security Corps in a declaration via a state broadcast. The Governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi, has suspended operations of the South East Security Network, Ebubeagu, in the state, after several complaints about abuses. Umahi, who is also the South East Governors’ Forum chairman, reintroduced the State Neighborhood Security Watch and Ebonyi State Security Corps in a declaration via a state broadcast. There have been calls from groups and political parties, alleging that Umahi made use of Ebubeagu personnel to witch-hunt political opponents, killing and abducting some of the political actors in the process. Just on Friday, gunmen, suspected to be political thugs, destroyed properties worth millions of naira at the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) rally venue in the state. The venue of the rally was the home of (PDP) candidate for Izizi/Abakaliki Federal Constituency, Barnabas Ofoke. Also, the apex socio-cultural youth organisation of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Ohanaeze Youth Council, (OYC) had days ago accused Governor Umahi-led administration of using Ebubeagu, to terrorise the residents of the state. Therefore, Umahi suspended Ebubeagu on Friday and commended the state House of Assembly for passing into law other two sets of vigilante outfits for the state, noting that the process of bringing on board the two new outfits started in 2021 but that the Assembly graciously passed it into law a few days ago. Governor Umahi expressed regret that Ebonyi State had the least number of police personnel and appealed to the Inspector General of Police to deploy more personnel to the state. He said: “Let me say that we have had this Neighbourhood Watch even before now as far back as 2015 and they did tremendously very well so the law is back and they are empowered to function. “Another vigilante group that has come into effect is the Ebonyi State Vigilante Corps, this will also function in the state and I am hereby inaugurating these new outfits officially today and by the laws of the state they are empowered to function. “I have directed that Ebubeagu will not function in the state until the stay of execution is granted and appeal is entered, this is in obedience to the rule of law and respect for our judiciary.” “I know the sacrifices that Ebubeagu personnel have made especially at nights, when we had frequent attacks of herders and farmers, this Ebubeagu worked day and night to curtail this, let us know that the killing of Ebubeagu or security personnel are condemnable,” he added. 