According to the special assistant to the governor on print media, Moses Alao, in a statement issued on Wednesday, the incident occurred when the governor’s convoy was heading to Tapa after Makinde had addressed people at Igangan town hall. Some of those in Governor Seyi Makinde’s convoy were attacked by hoodlums on Tuesday when the Oyo governor took his campaign to Igangan in the Ibarapa Local Government Area of the state. According to the special assistant to the governor on print media, Moses Alao, in a statement issued on Wednesday, the incident occurred when the governor’s convoy was heading to Tapa after Makinde had addressed people at Igangan town hall.  He said the hoodlums started pelting the convoy with sticks and stones and later shot at the vehicles, TheCable reports.  “The attacks were premeditated and orchestrated by some opposition elements, who hired street urchins to waylay the convoy of the governor,” Alao said.  “This is with a view to giving the governor a bad image among the teeming population of Oyo state people.  “The unprovoked attacks were reprehensible, especially as the people of the state already know Makinde as a man of peace.  “As it has become the custom of the governor to acknowledge the cheers and love of the people and in turn distribute souvenirs wherever he went to campaign, Governor Makinde stood in an open-roof SUV while other members of the entourage were in his tow.  “Toward the exit of the town was a roadblock, which we now know was mounted by the thugs to halt the flow of traffic so that they would be able to perpetrate their dastardly act.  “Some group of boys started demanding money instead of the souvenirs being shared by the governor. Before anyone could say Jack Robinson, they started hauling stones, while some went in search of big sticks with which they were smashing vehicles indiscriminately.  “The urchins went directly after the SUV of Chief Tegbe, which showed a clearly premeditated motive, while others kept attacking other vehicles coming behind the governor.”  Alao said the bus conveying the media aides of the governor, journalists and some other vehicles were damaged by the hoodlums.  “At some points, the hoodlums graduated from hurling stones by bringing out guns and shooting at vehicles in the convoy,” he said.  “We are sure that the same hoodlums went into the streets of Igangan to commit the wanton arson and destruction.  “While we sympathise with the families of individuals affected by the crisis, it is important to point out that Governor Makinde is a man of peace. And has made it clear that his ambition is not worth the blood of any Oyo state indigene.” 