SaharaReporters earlier reported that the judge was killed while presiding over a court session by gunmen who operated on motorcycles, leading to chaos on the premises. The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has urged President Muhammadu Buhari’s government to investigate the gruesome killing of Nnaemeka Ugboma, the chairman of Ejemekwuru Customary Court in the Oguta Local Government Area of Imo State. SaharaReporters earlier reported that the judge was killed while presiding over a court session by gunmen who operated on motorcycles, leading to chaos on the premises. The killing reportedly brought the session to an abrupt end as lawyers, court staff and litigants fled. Reacting to the incident, SERAP via its Twitter handle said, “The Buhari administration must promptly probe the reported brutal killing of Justice Nnaemeka Ugboma in Oguta Local Government, Imo State while presiding a court session. The killers must be arrested and prosecuted. “He was killed by gunmen who operated in motorcycles. “His killers reportedly came into the court, dragged him out and shot him dead and drove off. “Criminal attacks on members of the judiciary undermine judicial independence and impair judges in carrying out their vital professional functions impartially and without fear.” “Authorities must end this attack on the rule of law by immediately taking concrete and effective measures to protect judges and lawyers who may be at risk of criminal violence,” the group tweeted on Friday morning.”  BREAKING: The Buhari administration must promptly probe the reported brutal killing of Justice Nnaemeka Ugboma in Oguta Local Government, Imo State while presiding a court session. The killers must be arrested and prosecuted. He was killed by gunmen who operated in motorcycles. — SERAP (@SERAPNigeria) February 3, 2023 Authorities must end this attack on the rule of law by immediately taking concrete and effective measures to protect judges and lawyers who may be at risk of criminal violence. — SERAP (@SERAPNigeria) February 3, 2023 