The party also said that those spreading the fake news had already been dismembered from the party.  The African Action Congress has debunked a viral claim that some of the party's governorship candidates had promised to work against the party’s presidential flagbearer, Omoyele Sowore and his running mate, Haruna Garba Magashi in the next election.  The party disclosed this in a statement jointly signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Femi Adeyeye and Presidential Campaign Spokesperson, Onyinye-Ghandi Chukwunyere.  The AAC described the publications as politically induced and motivated.  The party also said that those spreading the fake news had already been dismembered from the party.  The statement reads: “The attention of the National Working Committee of the African Action Congress and the Sowore-Magashi Campaign Council has been drawn to politically induced publications in some sections of the media by certain individuals parading themselves as candidates of our party in the forthcoming elections.  “We wish to state categorically that NO candidate of the party is working against the party or its presidential candidate, Mr Omoyele Sowore, as it will be illogical to do so.  “Our party members and Nigerians in general are supportive of our campaign built on our People's Manifesto for Total Liberation as evidenced recently by our alliance with the People's Redemption Party.  “Unlike the other parties which campaign on the same worn out neo-liberal agenda, our people know that #WeCantContinueLikeThis and that the same level of thinking which got us in this mess cannot get us out of it.  “Let it be known that those persons making these media rounds and publications have been expelled since last year from the AAC precisely because of their anti-party activities, specifically, attempting to use the party’s name to negotiate personal benefits from other parties.”    The party, therefore, urged the general public not to have any dealing with them because they are no longer recognised as bonafide members of the party.  The statement continued: “They have not appealed or challenged their expulsion, thus continuing to parade themselves as members of our party speaks to their nefarious and criminal tendencies.  “Having pulled the rug from under their feet, they have now come out to reveal their true intentions and have resorted to clutching at straws. May we warn those who are dealing with them, Caveat Emptor! Let the buyer beware. They have nothing to sell other than their souls.  “Unlike other crumbling parties, we do not have G-5, G-2 or any segmentation outside of recognised constitutional organs. Our party members and candidates have equal rights and access to these organs.  “We want to assure Nigerians that our party is not and cannot be used as a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) by political jobbers for corrupt negotiations to shortchange the people of Nigeria. We have made this promise to Nigerians and we shall stand by it come rain or sunshine.  “We hereby seize this medium to further reiterate to members of the public to desist from having any dealing with these persons, in the name of the African Action Congress (AAC).”  “Security and Anti-graft agencies are also by this release, notified of the illegality these elements continue to perpetrate as ‘candidates’ of the AAC,” the party added.   