Sowore recalled that two weeks earlier in his pre-election presentation to the National Assembly committee on elections, he warned that having tested the INEC results transmission servers during the Osun State governorship election in 2022, it was evident that the servers lacked the capacity to handle general elections. The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore, has reacted to the failure of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to transmit Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly elections.  Sowore recalled that two weeks earlier in his pre-election presentation to the National Assembly committee on elections, he warned that having tested the INEC results transmission servers during the Osun State governorship election in 2022, it was evident that the servers lacked the capacity to handle general elections.  “I have tested the INEC live website during the Osun election and I can say categorically that that website is not capable of handling public queries during the national elections.  “The ICT Department of INEC should be asked to have a solid website that can carry out encrypted messages. That is, when you are transmitting election results from polling units to the INEC servers, the results cannot be intercepted because what I see on the INEC website is that they don’t have strong servers. “They don’t have the ability to connect to as many queries that come to it instantly as it is supposed to function,” Sowore had said at the meeting.  Since Saturday after the presidential and national assembly elections, there have been controversies over INEC’s failure to transmit the results of elections immediately and directly to the servers from polling units across the country as provided by the Electoral Act, 2022.  INEC in a statement on Sunday said it was fully aware of the challenges with the Results Viewing Portal (IReV) and that the challenges were not to sabotage the elections but a technical hitch.  The National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye, in a statement said, “The commission is aware of challenges with the INEC Results Viewing Portal. Unlike in off-season elections where the portal was used, it has been relatively slow and unsteady. The commission regrets this setback, especially because of the importance of IReV in our results management process.  “The problem is totally due to technical hitches related to scaling up the IReV from a platform for managing off-season, state elections, to one for managing nationwide general elections. It is indeed not unusual for glitches to occur and be corrected in such situations.  “Consequently, the commission wishes to assure Nigerians that the challenges are not due to any intrusion or sabotage of our systems, and that the IReV remains well-secured. Our technical team is working assiduously to solve all the outstanding problems, and users of the IReV would have noticed improvements since last night.  “We also wish to assure Nigerians that the results from the polling units, copies of which were issued to political parties, are safe on both the BVAS and the IReV portal. These results cannot be tampered with and any discrepancy between them and the physical results used in collation will be thoroughly investigated and remediated, in line with Section 65 of the Electoral Act 2022.”  Meanwhile, INEC had assured Nigerians that it would transmit the results of the general elections electronically directly from polling units, according to the provisions of the law. The electoral umpire assured that it has all it takes to transmit the election results electronically.  Additionally, Sowore said the Godwin Emefiele-led Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) tried everything possible to sabotage the general elections. He said when he mentioned it before the elections, considering that sensitive election materials were in the custody of the apex bank, “some of our colleagues turned it into a fight because they had a deal with the Central Bank Governor”.  