The committee, in a statement, issued last night, by Doguwa insisted that a lot must be done to mitigate the suffering of the masses. Federal lawmakers under the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee on new naira re-design and naira swap policy on Thursday met with President Muhammadu Buhari, saying a lot must be done to mitigate the suffering of Nigerians following the naira crisis. Some Nigerians who are still in possession of the old naira notes due to poor circulation of the newly designed currency have taken over the major cities across the country over the policy. It was gathered that the committee, chaired by the House Majority Leader, Hon. Alhassan Ado Doguwa (APC, Kano) met with the President at the State House, Abuja, on Thursday. The lawmakers met with Buhari hours after his nationwide broadcast, where he declared that N200 banknotes circulate as legal tender with the new N200, N500, and N1000 banknotes for 60 days from February 10, 2023, to April 10 2023 when the old N200 notes cease to be legal tender. The committee, in a statement, issued last night, by Doguwa insisted that a lot must be done to mitigate the suffering of the masses. "The steps taken so far by Mr. President leave much to be desired. The policy is at this time very unpopular and is capable of creating a crisis in the country that could jeopardize the upcoming general elections. "Mr. President may of course had good intentions in using the policy to tackle insecurity, reduce corruption and engender the global best practice in fiscal policy management but unfortunately due to wrong timing, and the work of some criminal elements in both the CBN and the commercial banks, Nigerians are left suffering. "We also urge Nigerians to continue to be calm and pursue their lawful businesses within the ambit of the law as we will continue to explore available opportunities to make sure that government does only what is right and in the overall interest of our people," he said. In October 2022, Emefiele, announced the plan to redesign the N200, N500, and N1,000 notes, and asked Nigerians to deposit their old notes before January 31, 2023 when they would cease to be legal tender. Although the deadline was extended to February 17, many Nigerians have found it difficult to obtain the new naira notes. Before the cash shortage, Nigerians have been dealing with months-long petrol scarcity across the country with the product now being sold for as high as N1,000 per litre in some states. Faced with cash and petrol scarcity, Nigerians have taken to the streets in some states to protest their experiences at queues in banks and petrol stations.