Faced with cash and petrol scarcity, some Nigerians have taken to the streets in some states to protest their experiences in queues in banks and petrol stations. The Coalition of Civil Society Groups in Nigeria have called the attention of security agencies to threats to Nigerians’ aspiration for a violence-free 2023 general elections posed by the various protests ravaging the country.  In October 2022, Godwin Emefiele, governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), announced a plan to redesign the N200, N500, and N1,000 notes, and asked Nigerians to deposit their old notes before January 31, 2023 when they would cease to be legal tender.  Although the deadline was extended to February 10, many Nigerians have found it difficult to obtain the new naira notes.  Before the cash shortage, Nigerians have been dealing with months-long petrol scarcity across the country with the product now being sold for as high as N1,000 per litre in some states.  Faced with cash and petrol scarcity, some Nigerians have taken to the streets in some states to protest their experiences in queues in banks and petrol stations.  However, the civil society groups in a statement alleged that the protests are being sponsored by certain elements to cause violence ahead the 2023 elections.  The statement read, “From what has been said so far, it is no longer a secret that some highly placed politicians are working extra hard to frustrate Nigerians and kill policies being implemented for our common good.  “To show that the people who are behind the plots to unleash mayhem and widespread violence, despite court order restraining the CBN and the President from extending the deadline, they are still mobilizing believing that they can compel the President to violate the court order by instigating, procuring and causing nationwide violent disturbances.  “Some of them have also approached the Supreme Court knowing that such is not an issue that should ordinarily come before the apex court but are now boasting and celebrating what they refer to assurances that the apex court will grant their prayers and stop the policies.  “That is why like you heard in the main resolution speech, I reecho the call to the Chief Justice of Nigeria to be as firm as usual and deny these prayers. The men that are parading these stories of assurance from the Supreme Court can only visit the court with shame, indignity and ignominy.  “They are prepared to stop the conduct of elections, truncate our democracy or even bring about a sudden and unexpected end to the present government. That is not the way a person who claims to love the country should behave. It is clear that they don’t love our country. You cannot claim you love the people when you are planning riot, these men should give peace a chance. Security agencies should swing into action and immediately stop these men and their mobilization of violence.  “Everybody should go and obey the Court order already given by the court and then put all hands on deck to make sure the suffering of the Nigerian people are eased and the policies properly implemented.”  The statement added, “Sometime in December last year, over three hundred and fifty (350) civil society groups from all over the country and covering varying thematic areas came together and set up a central coordinating council to draw up regulatory modalities and set out guidelines, and Standard Operating Procedures for the activities of all the groups. This is without prejudice to the statutory roles of the Corporate Affairs Commission.  “That move gave birth to the Civil Society Organizations Central Coordinating Council which is the highest organ in matters that affect Civil Society groups in Nigeria collectively. It is on that pedestal that we stand to address you today.  “Over the weekend, some of our member organizations were approached by some persons with requests that they mobilize their members for protests which as we were informed was going to degenerate into violent and destructive actions all aimed at causing a shutdown of the system and make it look like Nigerians are against the Naira redesign and cash withdrawal limit policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria so that the President can be forced to reverse both policies.  “Promises of handsome rewards were put on the table and they were told that the protests should have reached almost all states of the Federation. The protests are to start in the South West to enable the Lagos media have genuine reason to make it trend. They were further told that it would be total and final push to the President. They picked information too that they needed names and faces of the civil society groups as they would engage the press and coordinate the media briefings while the other urchins they have also engaged will carry out the destructions.”