According to him, the students must be wise not to go for another eight months strike like that of last year. The Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee on Customs, Senator Francis Fadahunsi, has asked Nigerian students to reject the All Progressives Congress (APC) in this month’s general elections. According to him, the students must be wise not to go for another eight months strike like that of last year. The senator in a statement by his media team also mocked the Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate, over the Central Bank of Nigeria’s new naira and cashless policies that have subjected the masses to pains. The Supreme Court had Wednesday in suit brought before it by the governments of Zamfara, Kogi and Kaduna states gave an interim injunction against the CBN and federal government to allow old N200, N500 and N1000 to remain legal tender beyond the February 10 deadline until the case is fully disposed. Reacting, Fadahunsi hailed the Supreme Court for saving the Nigerian masses and democracy. He however said Tinubu was silence over the issue, thinking the decision will favour his presidential ambition. The statement read, “Sen. Fadahunsi describes the decision of Supreme Court as succour on hardship for the Masses. “Fadahunsi who represents Osun East senatorial district opined that the law for the currency swap was done without considering the hardship on the Masses and its detrimental effect  on development. “The federal Lawmaker said any decision that put the common man in suffering must be banned since the policy is not bringing relief to the people; “I told my fellow members at the National Assembly before we went on vacation that currency swap knew no level. With masses greatly suffering to get cash, we, the higher class, are stuck to get cash. Meaning, the decision is to suffer candidates and voters ahead of the forthcoming election. “You can't go to cashless economy without educating the people since we are a democratic country where foundational policies must be properly addressed before far fetching. This development will teach federal government lesson to deal with commoners in polite way. The supreme court ruling is a great development for Common Man and must continue to stand with her decisions without sabotage." “He described the fuel and cash scarcity as bad occurrence never experienced by Nigerians which has affected the All Progressive Congress APC presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu who thinks the decision prior to implementation will favour his presidential ambition. “Fadahunsi admonished electorates to vote for Atiku Abubakar and other People's Democratic Party (PDP) candidates in the forthcoming February 25, polls for economy revival. He said the PDP is committed to bring poverty to and end for the masses and also end hunger while ushering a season of enormous prosperity for all and sundry. “Nigerians has been deceived in the last seven years of the APC led administration, bringing hardship without remedy. People's Democratic Party (PDP) is on verge to win elections in my senatorial district likewise other parts of the country. Our people must send APC packing in Nigeria by voting them out. In fact, Nigerian students must be wise not wanting to go for another eight months strike like that of last year, to vote out the broom party.” 