  The African Action Congress (AAC) has rejected the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) insistence on using the Lagos State Parks Management led by Musiliu Akinsanya popularly known as MC Oluomo, who is a popularly known loyalist of the Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). SaharaReporters earlier reported that INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner in Lagos State, Olusegun Agbaje, while responding to questions about the MC Oluomo-led committee’s engagement during the Inter-Agency Consultative Committee on Election Security (ICCES) meeting at the INEC office on Tuesday, in Lagos confirmed that the commission would use MC Oluomo-led parks despite rejection and protest by Nigerians. But reacting to the INEC decision, AAC in a statement signed and made available to SaharaReporters on Wednesday by its Lagos State Campaign Council spokesperson, Towolawi Jamiu, described it as a joke taken too far. “We are shocked that the Lagos State chapter of INEC has decided to throw caution into the whirlwinds by concluding to contract the distribution of sensitive elections materials to the Lagos State Parks Management led by Musiliu Akinsanya AKA MC Oluomo.   “The African Action Congress (AAC) strongly believes this is a joke taken too far. For obvious reasons that the Park Management and MC Oluomo are open members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and particularly the failed ruling party's presidential candidate; Ahmed Bola Tinubu. “We want to ask Prof Mahmood Yakubu whether Mr. Olusegun Agbaje, the INEC Resident Commissioner in Lagos is still a staff of INEC or a usurper of its avowed directives. We recall that Prof Yakubu promised at the infamous Chatham House conference that INEC will do everything within its powers to make sure the elections are not rigged. So, how come a notorious thug and imposed ruler of the Motor Parks is now the one to handle the logistics of the February 25th Elections? “Is Professor Yakubu and Mr Olusegun Agbaje of INEC telling Lagosians that we should not bother to vote anymore? Or is Mr Agbaje not aware that Tinubu openly confessed how the 2015 Elections in Lagos were rigged in favour of current Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu? The video is in the public. “What MC Oluomo and the neo-fascist Parks Management would do is to send ballot materials to only APC strongholds, and disenfranchise other Lagosians. Where the votes are against Tinubu and Sanwo-Olu; they would simply do "Korope"; as Tinubu noted in the leaked rigging video, to sort of ballot boxes where they have lost. And only deliver ballot boxes that favour APC to the collation center,” part of the statement read. The AAC warned INEC not to burn the forthcoming elections as it will mobilize Nigerians to reject all impunity and resist all forms of rigging and stand with Lagosians and Nigerians in their plans to destroy the greedy self-proclaimed landlords of Lagos. The AAC pointed out that despite the current pains and hardships orchestrated by fuel crises, Naira scarcity and high cost of living, “the APC is yet ashamed of the mess they have put all Nigerians. They believe they can march our heads in the mud and also openly and brazenly rig elections. “The masses will rise very soon to massively protest the madness economic hardships imposed by Buhari and Emefiele, while they will also jettison the fake messiahs in Labour Party who are now openly and shamelessly supporting the wickedness of the CBN, banks, oil Marketers, and the Buhari government. “AAC has been clear from the beginning that APC/PDP/LP/NNPP are all four fingers of the leprous hands of the fascist and failed primitive and barbaric capitalist system being forcefully piloted by Buhari. “We therefore give Mr Olusegun Agbaje, and Professor Mahmood Yakubu 48 hours to reverse all the plans to allow the APC through MC Oluomo to have unfettered access to the sensitive elections materials, with serious apologies. “We also call on INEC to immediately transfer Mr Olusegun Agbaje away from Lagos. Most political parties, especially the AAC cannot trust Mr Agbaje to lead the Lagos elections free and fair. “We want to finally urge Lagosians to be ready for #IrapadaEko, where a greenhorn political party that stands with Lagosians under the rains and in the sun for the past four years, would be voted in. Akeem Olayiwola and Ben Eze are disciplined members of the only socialist party on the ballot: the African Action Congress (AAC) whose presidential candidate is Comrade Omoyele Sowore. “AAC has been fighting alongside Lagosians in all of their travails in the hands of police, land grabbers, Iyalojas, LASTMA, and the ruinous greedy government at Alausa. A vote for AAC is a vote for #RevolutionNow!” 