The needs of Kwara communities were categorized into 29 and all communities were assessed to determine their needs from the categories. A civic organisation, Elites Network for Sustainable Development (ENetSuD) has documented how hundreds of communities, particularly rural areas are suffering from lack of potable water, electricity and other social amenities. The group disclosed this in a press statement made available to newsmen by Saeed Tijjani, the group Press Secretary stating that it has assessed and documented the needs of 2,764 communities in Kwara State under its Citizens Enlightenment and Mobilisation Program (CEMP) that was sponsored by the Gobir Organisation Foundation. The statement reads further: “A total of 1,105 communities were assessed in Kwara North Senatorial District, 761 in Kwara South Senatorial District, and 898 in Kwara Central Senatorial District. The needs of Kwara communities were categorized into 29 and all communities were assessed to determine their needs from the categories. The report of the CEMP needs assessment was presented by ENetSuD Coordinator, Dr. Alagbonsi Abdullateef, on Sunday in Ilorin after the completion of the needs assessment in all the 193 wards of Kwara State. “In the water sector, ENetSuD disclosed that 408 communities in Kwara never had any water project in their lifetime, and thus, they either drink from dirty ground water source or travel long distance to source water from other communities. ENetSuD also said that at least 1,964 communities in Kwara had existing boreholes that have become damages/faulty and needed to be repaired to continue serving the people. These are in addition to communities that had abandoned water projects and nun-functional waterworks. “In the electricity sector, ENetSuD identified 915 communities that had never been connected to electricity source and had never enjoyed electricity in their lifetime because of lack of availability of any electrification facility, while 221 communities had electrification projects aimed at providing electricity that were not completed and have now been abandoned. “The report contained 624 communities in Kwara that do not have primary school and rely on distant communities for primary school education for their pupils, which 1,599 communities do not have easy access to secondary schools across the state. Moreover, 967 communities have schools with insufficient staff like teachers and support staff. “Similarly, ENetSuD identified 1,738 communities that do not have easy access to primary healthcare across the state but rely on distant communities to access healthcare services. “On road infrastructure, over 2,300 communities need their roads to be (re)constructed, while over 2,100 communities need grading of their roads to make them motorable. On communication, there is lack of GSM network in 593 communities of Kwara State.”