Governor Yahaya Bello-led Kogi State Government has claimed that the excavation of some roads in Kogi Central is a deliberate security measure to restrict criminals from gaining access to that part of the state. SaharaReporters on Thursday reported that operatives of the Kogi State Command of the Nigeria Police Force intercepted workers of Chinese construction firm, CCECC, allegedly engaged by the state government to cut off roads leading to Kogi Central Senatorial District. The plot, it was learnt, was to prevent the officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), security agents and other stakeholders from accessing the senatorial district during the Saturday presidential and National Assembly elections.   But the state government in a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information and Communications, Kingsley Fanwo, said that the decision to cut off the roads is sequel to an explosion that rocked the Okehi Local Government Secretariat Complex a few days ago, as well as the Okene blast of December 29, 2022, during President Muhammadu Buhari’s visit to the State. The state government attacked the Kogi Central Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) senatorial candidate, Barr. Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan, for raising an alarm against the cutting off of the roads that lead to her senatorial zone, saying that Akpoti-Uduaghan failed to sympathize with her people over the explosion and other criminal activities going on in the area. The statement read, “The Government of Kogi State wishes to inform members of the public that the excavation of some roads in Kogi Central was to cut off traffic on those roads as a security measure to restrict the use of those roads by criminals who have been breaching the peace of the area.   “It would be recalled that a couple of days ago, the Secretariat Complex of Okehi Local Government suffered from the effect of an explosive device. The security agencies ensured no life was lost as a result of the explosion, but the State Government convened an emergency Security Council Meeting to address the security challenges in the area with a view to devising strategies of averting possible future occurrence, especially as we witnessed similar explosion on December 29, 2022 at Okene. “One of the measures arrived at was to restrict the number of routes to the flashpoints to enable security agents properly mount effective surveillance on the other access roads for the safety of the people, especially as they go to the polls on Saturday February 25,2023. We thank the State Ministry of Works and Urban Development for their proactive efforts on the road. “The cry of one Mrs Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan over the measure to ensure security is therefore not a surprise. As an indigene of Okehi Local Government Area, she has not considered it expedient till now to sympathise with her people over the explosion that affected Okehi Local Government Area Secretariat Complex. To her, their lives do not matter. But she was quick to characteristically blackmail the State Government when measures were taken to protect her people. “Some of the masterminds of the Okene blast of December 29, 2022 have been arrested and they are giving useful statements to security agents. With the current measures in Okehi Local Government, we are confident that the cowards who attacked the symbol of unity of the Okehi people will not escape from justice. “As a Government, our responsibility is to protect the Kogi people and sometimes, we have to take drastic and even temporarily discomforting steps to achieve that. INEC and security agents have not complained about accessing every part of Okehi Local Government Area in particular and Kogi Central in general. “We also wish to call on Kogites to disregard allegations of trying to use local militias to harass voters. The protagonists of such fiction are elements who want to create panic in the state because of desperation to provoke chaos to cover up for their political feebleness. “We assure the people of Kogi Central and Kogi State in general to come out enmasse to cast their votes as adequate security arrangements are in place to protect them before, during and after the polls. Those who need to worry and criminals who will never be spared in the state.” Meanwhile, SaharaReporters also earlier reported that an accident was recorded on one of the excavated roads as many users who were never aware of the cut off met the dead end suddenly with one yet-to-be-identified driver who crashed into the ditch.