In a communique signed by Very Reverend ThankGod Oganwo on behalf of PTA chairpersons, on Thursday, the association said it received the news with a “great sense of sadness and grief” while assuring its readiness to stand for justice and truth on the matter. The parents’ forum of Chrisland Schools, Lagos State, has declared five-day mourning for one of its pupils, Whitney Adeniran, who died during the school’s inter-house sports competition, last Thursday. In a communique signed by Very Reverend ThankGod Oganwo on behalf of PTA chairpersons, on Thursday, the association said it received the news with a “great sense of sadness and grief” while assuring its readiness to stand for justice and truth on the matter. SaharaReporters had reported that Whitney died during the school’s inter-house sports competition at Agege Stadium in Lagos. According to the father of the deceased, Dr. Michael Adeyemi Adeniran, she had no health condition and was not ill at the time the school bus picked her up for the event. The father added that no explanation was given to him and his wife by the school regarding their daughter's death. He said his wife was present at the stadium, but the school did not call her attention to the incident immediately. Adeniran subsequently called on the Lagos State Government and the police to look into the matter and ensure that justice is done. He asked why the school had no ambulance or paramedics at the event, except for a “quack” nurse whom he said confessed that the child died at the stadium. Meanwhile, in the communiqué, the parents’ forum said, “We have confirmed from both Mr & Mrs Adeniran and the School Management that an autopsy is currently in progress to determine the cause of death. Pending outcome of the autopsy, we implore all our parents to kindly remain calm while also committing the family to God in prayers at this very trying period.” “In the meantime, the PTA in collaboration with the School has declared a 5-day mourning across all Chrisland Schools with effect from tomorrow February 15, 2023 and the modalities for this symbolic act in honour of the departed will be duly communicated and effected at all Local Management levels, even as we continue to stand for justice and the truth. Thank you and God bless,” the communique partly read. Recall the Lagos State government has since shut down the school and ordered an inquest into the death of the 12-year-old. Also, the Chambers of a Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Femi Falana requested an inquest into the death of the 12-year pupil. 