Tinubu, who is leading in the presidential race based on the results announced so far, wants the court to restrain the Labour Party and the Peoples Democratic Party from doing anything to stop the collation and announcement of the results of the February 25 presidential election. The ruling All Progressives Congress and its presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu have gone to court to prevent any move by opposition parties to stop the collation and announcement of Saturday’s presidential election results.  Tinubu, who is leading in the presidential race based on the results announced so far, wants the court to restrain the Labour Party and the Peoples Democratic Party from doing anything to stop the collation and announcement of the results of the February 25 presidential election.  SaharaReporters had reported how criticism had trailed the election which many observers have described as poorly executed.  It has been reported that the election was characterised by violence, voter suppression, manipulation of election results and other forms of irregularities.  The suit was filed before the Federal High Court in Kano, according to Daily Trust.  In the suit numbered FHC/KN/CS/43/2023, APC and its presidential candidate joined the Action Alliance and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) as defendants.  According to the report, APC's vice-presidential candidate, Kashim Shettima, was also listed as a plaintiff.  The plaintiffs in a motion on notice filed alongside the originating summons asked the court to give an order restraining the defendants from stopping the collation and announcement of the results because “damages will not adequately compensate for the injury that may be occasioned on the Plaintiffs if by the Defendants stop the collation of the result.”  SaharaReporters earlier reported that the agents of the PDP, LP and some other parties on Monday staged a walkout from the International Conference Centre, the venue being used by the National Collation Centre in Abuja. They insisted that Nigeria's electoral umpire, INEC should upload the results from polling units so that the ones being collated could be verified but the commission has ignored that.  Earlier in the day, the vice-presidential candidates of Labour Party and PDP, Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed and Ifeanyi Okowa respectively in a joint press conference called for the cancellation of the election, citing a series of irregularities in the February 25 presidential election. 