The exercise was initially ordered by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) as a form of protest against the continued detention of its leader, Nnamdi Kanu. Residents of Enugu State have continued to observe the infamous Monday Sit-at-home exercise. The exercise was initially ordered by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) as a form of protest against the continued detention of its leader, Nnamdi Kanu. But after IPOB reversed the directive, some armed persons now known as ‘unknown gunmen’ started enforcing the sit-at-home exercise by attacking people found outside.  SaharaReporters has reported how on Mondays, the sit-at-home exercise paralyses economic and social activities in Enugu, the capital of Old Eastern Nigeria and capital of the defunct Biafra which the separatists are fighting for its actualisation.  It was again observed on Monday by our correspondent that markets - Ogbete, New Market, Abakpa Market, Old Artisan Market and Camp Spare parts Market continued to witness skeletal services.  With the scarcity of new naira notes and Premium Motor Spirit, PMS, otherwise known as petrol, our correspondent observed that most roads and streets were deserted. Many residents only go out on Mondays when there is an emergency or it is unavoidable. Boasting on his Twitter handle, the self-proclaimed disciple of Nnamdi Kanu and leader of autopilot IPOB, Simon Ekpa, likened the Monday Sit-at-home protest against the continued detention of Kanu in the custody of the Department of State Services (DSS), as a replica of what would happen on February 25 – the day for presidential election. Along with a video of empty Ogbete market, Ekpa wrote, "Sit at home in Biafraland 13.2.2023. This is Enugu Province demonstrating their (sic) ready to end the agreement of slavery between Biafra and Nigeria. "From 23.2.2023 this is how Biafraland will like(s). No Nig election in Biafraland is a task that must be done," he said. Sit at home in Biafraland 13.2.2023. This is Enugu Province demonstrating their ready to end the agreement of slavery between Biafra and Nigeria. From 23.2.2023 this is how Biafraland will like. No Nig election in Biafraland is a task that must be done pic.twitter.com/fHK9pxbHUl — Simon Ekpa (@simon_ekpa) February 13, 2023