SaharaReporters had reported that Odoh's convoy was attacked in Ishielu Local Government Area of the state by gunmen. The All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) has decried the violence unleashed on the party's governorship candidate in Ebonyi State, Prof Bernard Odoh, insisting that elections must not be won by violence.  SaharaReporters had reported that Odoh's convoy was attacked in Ishielu Local Government Area of the state by gunmen suspected to be thugs loyal to the All Progressives Congress.  Although, the APGA governorship candidate and former Secretary to the State Government narrowly escaped, his driver and police orderly were killed while his vehicles were burnt during the attack.  Odoh, a frontline candidate for the governorship election in the state has been a target of political attacks since the campaign for the March 11 governorship and House of Assembly elections started. He has been attacked three times and on three occasions, he survived what has been described as assassination attempts.  Lamenting the recent incident and violent attacks on the APGA candidates for various political positions, the Publicity Secretary of the party in the state, Chibuike Nwanchor, accused the APC of masterminding the attacks.  Nwanchor in a statement made available to journalists in Abakaliki, the Ebonyi State capital, called on Nigeria's Inspector-General of Police and other security agencies in the state, to immediately investigate and arrest the perpetrators.  This he said would prevent further violent attacks, insisting that "election must not be won by violence."  According to the statement, “there were clear evidence of the incident as their Sienna buses which were branded with the APC Governorship Candidate, Hon. Francis Nwifuru, were captured by our cameras, with video clips of the ugly incident.”  It also called on the people of the state to be wary of a possible plot by the APC and the Ebonyi State Government, to throw the state into chaos. It added that the ruling party was already jittery over its possible defeat in the forthcoming election.  “We wish to call Ebonyi APC to order as the party has become jittery over their impending loss in the forthcoming elections and has decided to use the instrument of violence to truncate the elections.  “It is not up to two weeks after they ambushed Odoh, fired to kill him but succeeded in killing his driver and one other security personnel attached to him while others sustained various degrees of injuries,” he lamented.  Nwanchor emphasised that APGA in Ebonyi State is law-abiding, and believes in the rights of the people to freely choose their leaders democratically without fear of any form of molestation.