They also accused him of using the police to intimidate, harass and arrest members. Some members of the Delta State chapter of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) have accused the party's governorship candidate in the state, Goodnews Agbi of "oppression, injustice, and high-handedness”. They also accused him of using the police to intimidate, harass and arrest members. The aggrieved members belong to Oyede ward 12, Isoko North Local Government Area of the state. According to party officials in the ward, the party's governorship candidate in the forthcoming 2023 general elections, Agbi, whom they accused working hand-in-hand with the state police command has resorted to what they described as 'indiscriminate' arrest of innocent party officials and members over his suspension. SaharaReporters gathered that last week at about 1:00am, the embattled party's governorship candidates mobilized some armed policemen from the state police headquarters, Asaba to Oyede community and arrested the women leader of the party in the ward as well as other officials and members. They were thrown into the cell in Asaba for allegedly endorsing and masterminding Agbi’s suspension from the party.   It was gathered that some officials and members of the party who were said to have escaped Agbi's midnight arrest are currently taking refuge at neighbouring communities and local government areas. The suspension letter addressed to the state chairman of NNPP titled "Notification Of Suspension Of Dr. Goodnews Agbi As Member, NNPP Oyede Ward 12, Isoko North Local Government Area, Delta State," was signed by the ward chairman, Sunday Ogboro and secretary, Isaiah Ekoba. In the letter obtained by SaharaReporters, the party accused Agbi of engaging in anti-party activities, working for the PDP and allegedly requesting from the state governor,  Ifeanyi Okowa, financial assistance through the office of the Senior Special Assistant to the governor on inter-party relations who doubled as NNPP state chairman, Efe Efetobor.   "We write to notify you that in a ward executive committee meeting of NNPP Oyede ward 12, Isoko North Local Government Area of Delta state held on Thursday, January 27, 2023, it was resolved via a motion and duly supported by majority of party members present, that Dr. Goodnews Agbi, the gubernatorial candidate of the party has been suspended from the party as a member, New Nigeria Peoples Party, (NNPP) Oyede ward 12, in line with the party's constitution. Accordingly, with this suspension, Dr. Goodnews Agbi ceases to be a member of the party in Oyede ward 12. "Sequel to the serial violation of the party constitution by the gubernatorial candidate, Dr. Goodnews Agbi to wit: Engaging in anti-party activities which are requesting from the Delta state governor, a financial assistance through the office of the Senior Special Assistant to the governor on inter-party relations. Working for the PDP in a bid to collapse the party structure for the PDP in the coming weeks after some financial assistance. Total disregard to elected party functionaries in the running of the NNPP in the ward and this has resorted to a divide and rule system which has not helped the growth of the party in the ward. "Spreading fake rumours and instigating other candidates of the party against the party's presidential candidate, Sen. Dr. Rabiu Kwankwaso that he's not contesting but working for the presidential candidate of the PDP, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar which he has worked hard to convince other party leaders. Showing no capacity and unfit to handle the role of state party gubernatorial candidate functions. General dishonesty. Therefore, Article 39.0(5-10) of the NNPP constitution on discipline and the right to fair hearing states that the executive of the party at all levels shall have the power and authority to discipline erring party members as long as the person is given right to fair hearing,". It was observed that late last year, whenever the state APC governorship candidate and deputy senate president Ovie Omo-Agege accused the PDP, vice presidential candidate and the state governor, Ifeanyi Okowa of corruption and failure in governance, the state NNPP governorship candidate, Agbi, was always countering Omo-Agege on behalf of Okowa.  Meanwhile, Agbi has debunked reports of his suspension from the party, saying those who carried out the purported suspension were “imposters who allegedly forged signatures of some of officials and members of the party”.   A petition addressed to the state commissioner of police, Agbi, through his counsel, Richard Akpoghalino, is titled, "Petition Against Edward Ofomona, Alfred Odede, Anthony Oshilim, Ojiroro Moses and Some Executive Members Of Oyede Ward 12 NNPP For The Offences Of Defamation, Conspiracy, False Allegation And Impersonation”.  It said the above-named persons "conspired and caused a letter to be written and published with sole aim of assassinating our client character and thereby truncating his success at the upcoming election knowing that the content of the letter was not true." At the time of filing this report, it was gathered that some of the party officials and members mistakenly arrested by the police have been released after spending some nights in the cell at the police headquarters in Asaba. Others still in detention and those at large will be charged to court. 