The UK government in an updated travel advisory published on its website advised its citizens to avoid banks and ATMs areas. The United Kingdom Government has advised citizens travelling to Nigeria to be vigilant over the heightened state of insecurity in the country.  The UK government in an updated travel advisory published on its website advised its citizens to avoid banks and ATMs areas.  There has been growing anger over the cash crisis resulting from the Central Bank of Nigeria’s currency redesign policy.  The violence has paralysed social and economic activities in many states and claimed over seven lives while many others were injured during different protests.  The UK advisory read, “Nigeria is mainly a cash economy although the use of credit and debit cards is increasing - especially in the big cities. If you intend to use cash, make sure you bring enough foreign currency to cover costs. It is illegal to change money on the street and travellers cheques are difficult to cash. Credit card fraud is common, so take care if using your card.  “You should take advice from your card issuer before travelling if you intend to use your credit or debit card in Nigeria.  “The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has directed the redesign and issue of new N200, N500 and N1’000 Naira notes. This has led to shortages of cash, which are likely to persist for a period. You are encouraged to check notes provided by currency exchange vendors will be valid for the duration of your travel to Nigeria, and to follow local CBN guidelines.  “Areas such as banks and ATMs have seen a spike in criminal activity, and as such, it is advised that you take extra precautions particularly when withdrawing cash in crowded spaces, and during night time hours.  “There have been outbreaks of violence in South West Nigeria as a result of cash shortages, and there is a risk of other urban areas being impacted across the country. We advise travellers in Nigeria to exercise their judgement, including being aware of any large crowds or potential disturbances.”  The CBN had given a deadline of January 31 for the use of old naira notes but it was extended to February 10.  On February 8, the Supreme Court temporarily restrained the Nigerian government from banning the use of the old naira notes from February 10, 2023, pending the hearing of the matter on February 15.  Despite the court order, Emefiele insisted on the deadline.  On Wednesday, the apex court adjourned the hearing of the case brought against the CBN on the policy to Wednesday, February 22.  The stance of the CBN has triggered confusion as filling stations, supermarkets, and other business owners have continued to reject the old naira notes. 