There have been calls for the electoral umpire to stop the ongoing collation of presidential election results, over alleged irregularities and manipulation of results across the country. Jama'atu Nasril Islam (JNI), the apex Islamic organisation in Nigeria led by the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa'ad Abubakar III, has called on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to go ahead with the collation of Saturday's presidential election results and declare whoever wins the president-elect. There have been calls for the electoral umpire to stop the ongoing collation of presidential election results, over alleged irregularities and manipulation of results across the country. This followed the failure by INEC to upload results of the presidential elections collated in various polling units across the country to the Central Server as stipulated in the election guidelines.  But the Islamic body which made the call in a statement issued on Tuesday, a copy of which was made available to SaharaReporters, insisted that there are laid down procedures provided in the constitution and Electoral Act that anyone not satisfied with the election should follow for redress.  In the statement signed by its Secretary-General, Sheikh Khalid Abubakar Aliyu, the JNI urged the Nigerian Government to issue a clear statement against any form of insurrection. The group advised Muslim faithful to pray to weather the storm that the country has faced on account of the general elections. "Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI) has observed with serious concern the most unfolding events arising from the collation of the 2023 General Elections’ results and the resultant inflammatory statements and venomous commentaries being peddled, which tantamount to overheating the polity.  "We strongly believe that there are processes and procedures provided by the constitution and the Electoral Act for those who disagree with the outcome of the election result process wholly or partly to seek for redress,” it said. JNI reminded political gladiators that there must be a secure and peaceful Nigeria first and foremost before it could be well-governed. "However, we call for caution and restraint from all stakeholders in the 2023 General Elections and that peace must not be jeopardised for the selfish interest from which of the self-appointed messiah of Nigeria must therefore all rise to the occasion to avoid the breakdown of law and order, as it is often said, a stitch in time saves nine!  "Therefore, the federal government through its relevant agencies should be at alert, be and swiftly act against all forms of actions and utterances capable of jeopardising the fragile peace we are enjoying."  The Islamic group called on security agencies and indeed the Nigerian people not to drop their gourds or relax, citing the current apprehension that building up across the country, which it said was done deliberately.  "In addition, government must do everything possible to make categorical statement against any form of insurrection. On the other hand, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) should go ahead with its statutory duties, with all sense of patriotism and due diligence until the electoral process is concluded.  "INEC should be reminded that its loyalty should be to the Federal Republic of Nigeria, not any vested interests.  "Muslims must not relent in fervent prayers to Allah, for His apt intervention with total calm, peace and security, while Nigerians are implored to ignore all those calling us to insurrections in disguise or any other subtle attempt to undermine the will of the people, as there would not be development without peace and security, which we all yearn for."  