A tweet made by one Chy Gold (@ifygold21) on Sunday, February 26, 2023, claimed the bank gave money to Tinubu on the eve of the presidential election held on Saturday, February 25. The management of Guaranty Trust Bank Plc has denied an allegation that the bank gave N500 million in new notes to the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu.  A tweet made by one Chy Gold (@ifygold21) on Sunday, February 26, 2023, claimed the bank gave money to Tinubu on the eve of the presidential election held on Saturday, February 25. “We gave Bola Tinubu 500 million new naira notes on Friday, 24th February on the order of the president. - Segun Agbaje, MD Guaranty Trust BankSegun Agbaje,” the tweet read. Meanwhile, Agbaje is the Chief Executive Officer of the Guaranty Trust Holding Company Plc while the bank appointed Mrs. Miriam Olusanya as its new managing director (MD) earlier this year. A management staff member of the company who spoke to SaharaReporters on Tuesday denied the allegation, describing the Twitter account that shared it as “spurious”. The source said the bank management had reported the account to Twitter and would take legal action if necessary. “It is a spurious Twitter account that is run by faceless people and set up for election fake news. We have reported to Twitter and going for legal action if necessary,” the source said. The allegation came amid a cash crunch occasioned by a policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria to redesign new N200, N500 and N1000 notes, which it claimed would force politicians to bring to the bank old naira notes stockpiled for the purpose of buying votes during the general elections. Recently, Tinubu’s media office denied that it was mopping up new naira notes ahead of the presidential election as alleged by the opposition Peoples Democratic Party. A statement by the media office said the “allegation is simply ludicrous, spurious and a desperate attempt to divert public attention from the anti-people posturing of the PDP candidate, after he and Labour Party candidate, Peter Obi asked the Central Bank of Nigeria [CBN] not to extend the deadline for the use of old naira notes”. “They took the position despite the pains our compatriots are experiencing. They actively promoted the sanctity of the deadline in the calculated hope of reaping a political windfall from the people’s suffering,” the statement added. https://twitter.com/ifygold21/status/1629850066440671232?s=20 