They recounted that after several days or weeks, some of the mobile bank transactions for payments had yet to be delivered and the affected banks did not revert their monies. Some Nigerians have lamented how they experienced series of unsuccessful cashless transactions due to failed mobile networks amid the biting scarcity of Naira notes. They recounted that after several days or weeks, some of the mobile bank transactions for payments had yet to be delivered and the affected banks did not revert their monies. Ibrahim Ghazali, a Sokoto State resident, told SaharaReporters how he had been having difficulty using the mobile banking cashless payment modes in his line of business. “As I am speaking to you, I have two unsuccessful transactions still hanging. A customer transferred N44,000 to my OPay account from GTbank but for two days I have not received the alerts and I also did a transfer of N10,000 to my wife’s Stanbic Bank Account from the same Opay account which is yet to receive the credit alert despite a series of complaints to the customer care. “Honestly, this experience is strange. Opay has one of the fastest payment and transaction features and this is why most of the traders are using it. We hardly complain of transaction issues if not for the past few days,” Ibrahim added. This is coming as many Nigerians are currently unable to obtain the new N200, N500, and N1,000 notes, due to scarcity. This has caused hardship for many Nigerians and businesses. There have also been violent protests in some cities. Like Ibrahim, some Nigerians on Twitter also shared their plights with failed networks. A Twitter user, Tiamiyu Habeebulahi said “@OPayNigeria I made a transfer from my opay account 8136565611 to first bank of Nigeria with this account number :3072122098 and the receiver said he did not received any alert and the money was not debited to his account. This has caused a lot of fracas.” “It will be 7days tomorrow that I made two transaction with OPay into 2different GTB Acct but none of the accounts was credited and they debit the money from my account, I actually tag them @OPay_NG  severally all they say is message us and I've did severally but no response,” another user, AYOmide said. Onuoha said, “Am having the same issue I sent 30k from my @FirstBankngr to my opay and up till now my opay has not been credited and my first bank has been debited this is just so frustrating.” Lamor said, “Someone transfered 15k to my @FirstBankngr  Acc since yesterday afternoon...Till now i never receive am... I dey check my app every 30mins.” Jasper David said, “Having same issue over three weeks now that I made a #14,000 transaction and it's yet to reflect in the person bank account “Same here. First bank is having issue. Sent 12k from palmpay to first bank and they are yet to receive it,” Sir Swingle added. 