On Monday, the former lawmaker challenged the results presented by the state collation officers, noting that there were discrepancies in them. Senator Dino Melaye, the agent of the Peoples Democratic Party at the National Collation Centre in Abuja has said the party and some others will not rubber-stamp the alleged fraud done in the collation of presidential election results from states. On Monday, the former lawmaker challenged the results presented by the state collation officers, noting that there were discrepancies in them. He said it would be wrong to reward the ruling All Progressives Congress, which he said has failed Nigerians under President Muhammadu Buhari. Addressing journalists at the collation centre, Melaye said, "A few minutes ago, I raised the issue of the fact that in accordance with the provision of the Electoral Act- section 60 and section 64(4) of the Electoral Act 2002 as amended that there will be transmission of results from the polling units and the INEC chairman and Festus Okoye have repeatedly told Nigerians that there will be transmission of results from polling units directly to the server and we find out that this has not been done. “INEC failed in this regard and when I raised this issue today, supported by other party agents, the national chairman of INEC vehemently evaded that because what section 147(3) emphasised is that wherever card reader or BVAS failed, if they cannot get a replacement, election should be cancelled in those areas and we have seen from the presentation of results from Ekiti state yesterday that some places were cancelled as a result of bypassing BVAS. “So, the only way to detect that BVAS has been bypassed is for us to see the uploaded results and we insisted that the chairman should show us here now the uploaded results state by state just like the way they are displaying the collated results they are presenting and that’s the only way to test the veracity and authenticity of this results. “If not, we are only here to endorse the fraud that has been done from the units to the wards to the states; we are not here to rubberstamp fractions, we are not here to rubberstamp abnormalities that have been done. “We are here to check them but the national chairman of INEC is not giving us the opportunity to question what they are doing. He’s saying that all has been done, meaning we are just here to rubberstamp and we are here to prove that we are not here to rubberstamp. We have no other country to call our own but this country. We are going to do everything humanly possible to make sure that the right thing must be done.  “We have just met now and we want to make a presentation by the time we resume. If they insist that they are not going to respond to us, then you will see the action we will take but we want to tell you that we will not allow having suffered the pain in this country, having suffered poverty, hunger, kidnapping, killings, we will not allow the continuation of failure. “We will make sure that the right thing is done and the national chairman, we are putting his integrity to the test. Nigerians are watching, the world is watching; even the dead are watching to see what INEC will do, for the battle to make sure that only authentic results will be announced here today. It is a battle of no retreat no surrender.”              