Giving a breakdown of the destruction in the office following the attack, Okoye said 729 ballot boxes, 243 voting cubicles, 256 election bags were destroyed. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has decried the attack on its office in the Idemili South local government area of Anambra State, Southeast Nigeria. SaharaReporters earlier reported that some hoodlums early Wednesday morning razed the INEC office in Idemili South. In a statement issued on Wednesday, INEC National Commissioner & Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye, said the presidential election will still hold in the council as contingent arrangements were being made to replace destroyed items. Giving a breakdown of the destruction in the office following the attack, Okoye said 729 ballot boxes, 243 voting cubicles, 256 election bags were destroyed. He also said uncollected permanent voter cards (PVCs) were burnt. Titled "Attack on our Idemili South Local Government Area office in Anambra State," the statement said the building was substantially damaged, while all furniture and other items were destroyed, including non-sensitive materials recently delivered in readiness for the 2023 general election.  The statement read in part, "The Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) for Anambra State, Dr. Queen Elizabeth Agwu, reported that our office in Idemili South Local Government Area (LGA) was attacked and set ablaze by unknown gunmen. The incident occurred in the early hours of today Wednesday February 2023.  “The building was substantially damaged. All furniture and other items were destroyed, including non-sensitive materials recently delivered in readiness for the 2023 General Election. Among the items lost to the inferno are 729 ballot boxes, 243 voting cubicles, 256 election bags, 11 megaphones, 1 electric power generator and large quantities of indelible ink and liquid gum.  "However, uncollected Permanent Voters' Cards (PVCs) kept in the fireproof cabinet were not affected by the inferno."  According to Okoye, no sensitive materials have been delivered to the LGA office.  "The destruction appears to have been coordinated as the Nnobi Police Station in the LGA was similarly attacked.  "Despite this despicable incident, the Commission wishes to reassure the people of Idemili South LGA that contingency arrangement will be made to replace the materials and the Presidential and National Assembly elections will proceed on 25th February 2023 as scheduled, to be followed two weeks later by the State House of Assembly election," he added.