According to Buhari, mutually beneficial excellent relations have subsisted between the two nations over many years.  The Nigerian government has requested that the United Arab Emirates lift its visa ban placed on travellers from the country. President Muhammadu Buhari made the request in a telephone conversation with Sheikh Mohammed Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, President of the UAE. In October 2022, the country said it would no longer issue visas to Nigeria and 20 other African countries, although it did not give reasons for the ban. In the same month, about 542 Nigerians were evacuated from the UAE and arrived at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja. According to Buhari, mutually beneficial excellent relations have subsisted between the two nations over many years. He therefore expressed the readiness of the Government of Nigeria to apply necessary sanctions through appropriate judicial process against anyone identified to have committed criminal acts in the UAE, urging that the issue be allowed to be handled by the relevant security/intelligence agencies of the two countries and to come up with lasting solutions to the problems associated with criminalities and illegalities. Buhari also requested a resumption of the suspended operations of Emirates Airline in the country. The President tweeted, “I telephoned the President of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, to offer condolences on the death of his mother-in-law, Sheikha Maryam Al Falasi. May her soul rest in perfect peace. I also urged him to lift the blanket visa ban by the UAE on Nigerians. “Nigeria and the UAE have enjoyed excellent and beneficial relations for many years, including at the highest political levels. We can and must continue to iron out whatever issues arise between us. “We are mindful of the consular issues relating to the behaviour of some Nigerians in the UAE, and we will ensure the application of necessary sanctions, through appropriate judicial process, against anyone identified to have committed criminal acts in the UAE. “I also called for a resumption of suspended Nigerian operations of Emirates Airline. I assured Sheikh Mohamed that the fund repatriation issues that led to the suspension are receiving appropriate attention. We will make additional foreign exchange available for affected airlines.”