Nwapa in a statement on Thursday asked the workers to reject the directive of the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) to vote Obi. A socialist and revolutionary activist, Francis Nwapa, has said the manifesto of the Labour Party’s presidential candidate, Peter Obi, is in contradiction with the Nigerian workers’ charter of demands. Nwapa in a statement on Thursday asked the workers to reject the directive of the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) to vote Obi. The activist described Omoyele Sowore of the African Action Congress (AAC) as the best presidential candidate in the Saturday polls. He said, “I sympathise with the Nigerian workers over our travails in the past seven years of the Buhari-led APC administration and the failure of the leadership of the Nigerian Labour Congress and TUC to lead workers to struggle for improve living standard and against all anti-workers practices in both public and private work places. I salute your resilience. “I find it worrisome that such NLC and TUC leadership haven failed in its responsibility to use NLC and TUC as a fighting vanguard for workers in the past 7 years suddenly recognized the Nigeria workers during election. The leadership also failed to build the Labour Party as an alternative political platform to wrest power from the thieving capitalist elites but rather used the party as a “refugee camp” for bourgeois politicians who lost primaries or ticket in their party. “I call on Nigeria workers to disregard the self-serving Call of the center Labour leadership to vote for the candidate of the Labour Part Peter Obi for the following reasons which are contradictory vis a vis Workers Charter of Demands and political antecedent and philosophy of its candidate: Charter of Demand on Health Care “Increased budgetary allocation at all tiers of government in Nigeria in line with the 2001 African Union (AU) Abuja Declaration on Health. Cost-free comprehensive health care services should be available to citizens under the age of 18 years, pregnant women, the aged and disabled through a contributory universal health coverage as a right, on demand, or at the point of need, without discrimination by socio-economic status.” “The state should take responsibility for providing cost-free health care in public health institutions and under mobile health care arrangements for those who cannot access public hospitals without assistance. Citizens should have the right to enjoy the best attainable state of physical and mental health. “We demand reform of the National Health Insurance Scheme in a way that expands coverage to all Nigerians especially children, the aged, retirees, the unemployed, Nigerians in the informal economy, and the disabled; improves oversight by the NHIS over Health Management Organisations (HMOs) so as to improve service delivery; and prohibit the use of the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) for any purpose except that of improving health services. The contribution of the government to NHIS should be made compulsory.” He added that doctors were on strike for 13 months in Anambra while Obi was governor. The activist added, “The candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, supervised a 13 Months grounding of the health sector while as Governor of Anambra State and took the intervention of National leadership of the NMA for the Health workers strike to be suspended. “Charter of Demand on Education; “Every Nigerian child should enjoy guaranteed free, compulsory and qualitative basic education of nine years without discrimination for all children of school age; access to qualitative and well-rounded senior secondary and tertiary education. “Cost-free, qualitative and compulsory education at primary and secondary schools’ level should be provided for every citizen as a birth-right by both the Federal and State Governments. The state should have full responsibility for funding education in public institutions. The cost-free education policy should cover school uniforms at primary and secondary levels, tuition, books, and meals during school hours. “Massive investment in the overhauling of public education facilities all over Nigeria including classrooms and hostels complete with basic Information Communication Technology (ICT) and recreational facilities that promote the mental, moral and physical development of students. “Prioritisation of quality remuneration and conditions of service for both the teaching and non-teaching staff of public institutions; as an immediate step towards realising education as a right, the Education Bank Act, which provides that the bank shall make funds available for indigent students to finance their education, should be implemented immediately. “The contradiction; Mr. Peter Obi while as Governor of Anambra State increased the School fees of the State University from N36, 000 to N86, 000 for non-medical students and N120, 000 for medical students. Mr. Peter Obi believes in education commercialization and not public ownership of the educational system, placed under the control and management of workers. “It is also important to note that throughout the period of Presidential campaign, Mr. Obi visited the capital of Neocolonialism in London; he took his political consultation to politicians that inflicted immeasurable attacks on workers while in government but Mr. Peter Obi never visited the structures of workers to speak with workers directly. I will also point out that while the Labour center has directed workers to vote for the Labour Party candidate, its state structures many of whom have adopted the candidacy of Bola Tinubu of the ruling APC who is another anti-workers element in the coming election. “In view of these contradictions with the program and political philosophy of the candidate contesting under the Labour Party it will be suicidal for workers to adopt such element with the illusion of implementing the Workers Charter of Demand when he assumes office. “I call on Nigeria workers to show Solidity with comrade Omoyele Sowore, the candidate of the African Action Congress AAC who has always identified with the struggle of the masses and whose program provides a ray of hope for the working people of Nigeria.” 