The soldiers were said to have been invited by one of the traders who was asked to vacate his shop by the market association leaders. Armed soldiers have invaded Fayose Market in Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti State, harassing traders and customers.  The soldiers were said to have been invited by one of the traders who was asked to vacate his shop by the market association leaders.  SaharaReporters gathered that the incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.  It was gathered that tension was heightened upon the invasion of the market by the military men as they ordered the traders to close their shops.  “Soldiers came to Fayose market on Tuesday to attack and harass people just because one person tipped them some cash. One Ogbonayan popularly known as Bishop was the one who invited some soldiers to the market around 4pm because the whole marketers kicked against his move of extending and erecting an attachment to his shop which he was even occupying illegally.  “The shop he was occupying belongs to the security unit of the market but because it’s not been used for a very long while, Bishop moved in there over 8 years ago as the occupant and he was trading there.  “Recently, the new chairman man of the market,  Mr. Akindahunsi Daniel instructed Mr. Ogbonayan to vacate the building he was using, that the market association wants to improve the security of the market and add more numbers to the current existing operatives and for this reason, that particular place he’s occupying will be used to accommodate the new security men.  “Then Mr Ogbonaya refused and said he won’t leave the place for a reason well known to him. “Fayose marketers as a whole protested that he must vacate that place this early morning and the police came in to intervene and instructed him to listen to what the majority are saying.  “It was later around 4pm this evening that the same Bishop brought some soldiers to the market to chase, harass and beat people in the market who protested in the morning. Customers were also harassed.  “This is totally inhumane and unacceptable. Soldiers have no right to involve in any civil matter. We don’t know when this oppression style will stop in our environment.”