Dear Nigerian activist, Protests have started. Bankers have been chased out of banks. Bank customers have cried and stripped themselves naked. Banks have been burned. Protesters have been shot by the police and soldiers, and some have died. Riots have broken out on a small scale or large scale in at least half of the states in the country. All of these are over a policy that a section of the corrupt ruling class wants to use to rig out another section of the corrupt ruling class in the coming elections. but there's resistance, no matter how tainted. What are we doing to organize this resistance? I want to suggest a crazy idea. Take over the banks. Rather than burn CBN offices, is it far-fetched if we the people take over those public institutions and administer the distribution of legal tender by ourselves, especially in line with a subsisting Supreme Court order? Rather than burn commercial banks, take them over and convert them to banks of the people run by the people and for the people. This is the only way we can take our opposition to the cashless policy to the Buhari government with political actions, protest marches, campaigns, and demonstrations to pressurize the government to abide by the Supreme Court order reversing the policy. But this is not a crazy idea. Section 133 of the Criminal Code Act, Sub-Section 9, anyone who "commits any other act of intentional disrespect to any judicial proceeding, or to any person before whom such proceeding is being had or taken, is guilty of a simple offense and liable to imprisonment for three months." If not for executive immunity that covers President Buhari (an immunity that will be gone as soon as he is no longer the legitimately elected president), he deserves to be jailed for the last press conference. That immunity does not cover public officers like the Governor of the CBN or the regional heads of the CBN. Recently the Chief of Army Staff, the Inspector General of police, and the chairman of the EFCC were all sentenced for not obeying court orders. If these government officials are too militarily or para-militarily powerful for a citizen's arrest, at least the CBN heads are not that militarily powerful. The idea of citizen arrest exists in the law for a reason. According to Section 39 of the Nigeria Police Act of 2020, the Administration of the Criminal Justice Act (ACJA) 2015 approves that “a private person may arrest a suspect in Nigeria who in his presence commits an offense or whom he reasonably suspects of having committed an offense for which the police is entitled to arrest without a warrant.' This means that nothing is stopping protesting Nigerians from legally taking over CBN branches and that of commercial banks to redistribute legal tender for themselves before they die of hunger. This is the legalist argument. Morally, it is not a crazy idea for anyone trying to change society too. The existence of commercial banking is to prop capitalism and a central bank which is a public institution should be democratically controlled by the masses of the people. These commercial banks are exploiters of our economy whose basic source of profits are capital and investment markets speculation, financial services industry abuses like tax evasion to protect the wealth and assets of the top 1% in hedge funds, etc. A public bank like the CBN (according to the 2007 CBN act) is made for the people to guarantee financial services for all, not just for the rich and their bandits who can bribe their way to get the new naira. The livelihood of small business owners and entrepreneurs has started to crash, especially with the other scarcity - fuel scarcity. And since power is now on the streets the people can take over for the sake of their welfare. The CBN and the FG have failed because they have rushed this cashless policy for selfish electoral games knowing fully well that Nigeria lacks the modern digital banking infrastructure to support this policy, knowing that Nigerians are not financially literate enough for this policy, and knowing that their regulatory framework for the distribution of the insufficient new naira notes by the commercial banks is largely ineffective. Rather than nationalize the commercial banks or fund free education or build enough digital banking infrastructure for the country, they started this cashless policy by imposing an artificial cash scarcity on Nigerians. This is not the time to wait for elections to be over. This is the time for us to be decisive. This is not the time to listen to Wike’s Melembe or Tinubu’s Yoruba Ronu conspiracy theories asking people to not protest as some sections of the ruling class can use that as a basis to autocratically install a military interim government. It is already clear from these rumblings that sections of the ruling class are not even ready to respect the results of that election. These 'patience and endurance' positions are trumpeted by the likes of Wike, El Rufai, Ganduje, Tinubu, and their lieutenants who are not affected one bit by the cashless policy because of their standard of living and who have a history of not caring about the masses (EndSARS comes to mind here), but want to use the intraclass war between them and the Buhari wing of APC to rise into power and continue the oppression and exploitation from where Buhari stopped. The bankers’ union ASSBIFI released a statement citing security reasons as the basis for directing bankers to go on strike yesterday. This is a parochial move by the union leadership because bankers will go hungry too for the next weeks that this will last. These are bankers who can help to re-administer the banks and redistribute legal tender in a way that the hardship will end. These are the workers' unions who should lead this effort to take over the banks for the masses and re-administer the available cash, old or new. While the new NLC President is busy celebrating his emergence as the leader of a platform to fight for the working class with dance and pomp in his hometown, the seven days ultimatum he gave upon emergence for the FG to end naira and fuel scarcity has passed (going to nine days now) and nothing is being done to arrest the situation. The new president of the NLC, Joe Ajaero has joined the goalpost shifting of his predecessor by claiming that any strike or protest might look like an attempt to truncate the election. It’s easy for activists to want to postpone all activism till after the elections. But there are only two reasons for that; • the average self-acclaimed activist has a standard of living higher than the average Nigerian protesting on the streets • most activists are not aware of the minimal role of elections in effecting any substantial change in society. It seems the active citizens in the working class respect the already rigged elections that the politicians fighting over who will have access to the resources to rig more. All elections are rigged. It will be fraudulent or idiotic for any active citizen to think that the cashless policy is well intended to fight election fraud as Buhari suggested in his speech to defend his disrespect and contempt for a Supreme Court order. Buhari is interested in winning the election for a candidate that does not belong to the ruling party, and the privatizer-general Atiku and his former vice presidential aspirant Obi Pandora, who are both as corrupt as the Tinubu of the ruling party, are the main opposition politicians positioned to reap from this direct rigging sanctioned by the sitting president. This is the reason why Obi and Atiku supported the policy. Nigerians will be very hungry, plus their anger at the ruling party for that hunger, plus the access to the new cash that will be given to whichever opposition candidate that the President will be supporting - these will come together to make vote-buying easier in the elections for the candidate supported by the president. The elections are already rigged and pointless and there’s no point waiting for the election to end before organizing the resistance. How can we make this crazy idea practicable? Mobilize for people to join protests instead of waiting for an election that has already been rigged by this cashless policy. The battle is already on in most places. We have to help to draw a clear battleline and show that the bankers and the bank security men are not the enemies, but the rich class using the masses as the grass that two elephants can fight on. We have become so dispensable to them that they don't mind us going hungry for weeks so that they can rig elections for themselves and within themselves. If we think that we don’t have the physical or intellectual strength to organize the takeover of the public banks by the masses and the nationalization of commercial banks under the direct democratic control and planning of the masses, the least we can do is to put the idea out there as the direction for all of us to start moving towards as people in protest. The main reason why this feels like a crazy idea to me is that the idea is enough to earn me a DSS disappearance in this country since I’m not a public figure that might deserve the stress of a DSS invitation. It is crazy because if that happens, a lot of activists who stood up against police and military brutality during #EndSARS will sheepishly support the empowerment of the DSS or the Army as they are currently doing with their celebration over the invitation of the emergency comrades of the APC who suggested that a coup plan is in the works by the Buhari Government. The other reason why it feels like a crazy idea is that, just like every other Nigerian, my self-esteem is too battered by the system that I don't even deem myself worthy to be able to participate in such resistance that will change Nigerian society revolutionarily. Given that the election itself is riddled with establishment candidates and Omoyele Sowore is the only candidate that has an anti-establishment position and some socialist approach in this election, it will take a revolution for such an anti-establishment candidate to win. If we think that this idea is disruptive or radical or revolutionary, we should then understand that it will take such a disruptive radical revolution to even get the minimum best out of this election. Therefore, there is no point in waiting for the election to be over before participating in the revolutionary responses by the people to the cashless policies. There is no point waiting for the elections to be over before resisting this dictatorial ruling class whether we plan to vote in the election or not. Omole Ibukun writes from Abuja, Nigerian and can be contacted on 09060277591