The Lagos State command spokesman, SP Benjamin Hundeyin, disclosed this on his Twitter, adding that the officers were summoned to the state headquarters in Ikeja. The Nigeria Police Force, Lagos State command, has grilled five of its officers alleged to have extorted N155,000 from a polytechnic student. The Lagos State command spokesman, SP Benjamin Hundeyin, disclosed this on his Twitter, adding that the officers were summoned to the state headquarters in Ikeja. The cops included an assistant superintendent of police and four inspectors. The police promised to provide updates on the case. SaharaReporters had on Sunday reported that the student narrated how some police officers extorted over N150,000 from him at gunpoint. The incident reportedly happened in Meiran, Lagos State. The student, Sanni Faruk Olamilekan said he was on his way to Moshood Abiola Polytechnic when the officers attached Meiran Division stopped him and then forced him out of the car. He identified the lawless policemen as Obi, Titus and Chris. According to Sanni, all the officers were armed and pointed their guns at him. He said he was handcuffed by the policemen like a criminal and forced to transfer N150,000 to one Fatimo Opeyemi Opeodu with OPay account. “I was accosted, they forcefully took my phone from me and go through the content, I was forced to open my bank app and they saw the sum of 150,000 Naira which I intend to use to secure an hostel, I was forced to transfer the N150,000 and left with nothing,” the student had said. Despite growing clamour for reforms to make it a people-friendly institution, the Nigeria Police have continued to operate in a manner that suggests they are not ready to turn a new leaf. Reform of the police was one of the demands of #EndSARS protests that virtually brought the country on its knees in October 2020. SaharaReporters learnt that the matter was reported to the state police command and that an investigation was ongoing into the alleged extortion at gunpoint. 