The residents, who stated this in a press statement made available to SaharaReporters, also bemoaned the blackout the community was facing despite paying outrageously for electricity. Angry residents of Ajeromi Ifelodun community in Lagos State have protested against the outrageous electricity tariff bills issued to them monthly by the Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC). The residents, who stated this in a press statement made available to SaharaReporters, also bemoaned the blackout the community was facing despite paying outrageously for electricity. The Lagos residents were also seen on Thursday afternoon storming the streets of their community, while demanding for a solution from the relevant stakeholders. The statement reads: “We the above-named wish to draw your attention to this worrisome and unacceptable situation that have brought too much pain and penury to us all. “This problematic style and system of yours have made life so difficult and unbearable because your constant increment in electricity tariff and with non- availability of electricity is making things worse for us all, and there is no justification whatsoever for this incessant increment and crazy bills we have been served to pay. “Furthermore sir, with the kind of NEPA bill we are getting from your company lately has put us on the state of bankruptcy, with when a resident living in a room or two is expected to pay the huge sum of N15,000 or N20,000 as the case maybe, and knowing fully well that many of our people live from hand to mouth. “With the kind of outrageous bills we get which never commiserate with what we get in return as power supply, and the question is how much is the minimum wage of an average Nigerian worker, and we are not even on the average, but low income earners, as if that is not enough, the supply too never commiserate with the tariff structure we get. “To reiterate sir, because of the poor electricity supply which have strongly affected businesses making many close down, while some are tied to using fuel to power their businesses, and in this vein using that same little profit to pay your bills just to remain your faithful customers, but yet we are being treated as slaves without respect or regard. “In line with the view of the contract between customers and the power provider that was spelt out clearly that the customers also have right that need to be followed but the question asked is, have your company for once adhered to it or put to practice? “Apparently, it might interest you to know that your men have defused some community which commenced from the 13th of January, 2023 and ever since then no light in these places and we will likely and humbly request that you turn off the accounts in those affected areas.” “To reiterate that we the above named will not in any way back down in our campaign or movement unless something positive is done to address our collective plight. “Lastly, we do this because we still want to remain your customers so that we can work in harmony and not in disagreement or conflict,” the statement added. 