This was stated on Friday during the council meeting presided over by Buhari, with a further condition that the council would back the naira redesign policy if the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele, makes new Naira notes available to Nigerians in large quantities. The members of the Council of State have asked President Muhammadu Buhari-led to make the old Naira notes available and recirculate them to ease “the suffering of the poorest of the poor.”
This was stated on Friday during the council meeting presided over by Buhari, with a further condition that the council would back the naira redesign policy if the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele, makes new Naira notes available to Nigerians in large quantities. 
SaharaReporters had reported that the meeting, which was the first of its kind this year, came about two weeks before the general elections amid fuel scarcity and a cash crunch caused by the naira redesign policy of the Central Bank.
Former Heads of State General Yakubu Gowon, Abdulsalami Abubakar, and former President Goodluck Jonathan are in attendance.
Former President Olusegun Obasanjo joined the meeting virtually.
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Senate President Ahmad Lawan, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami and two former Chief Justices of Nigeria were also present.
Prof Mahmood Yakubu, Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, Godwin Emefiele, Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, and Usman Baba, Inspector-General of Police, are present to brief the council about the naira cash swap policy and its implications on the economy and security. 
Governors of Taraba, Darius Ishaku, Lagos, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, and the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, AGF Abubakar Malami, briefed State House correspondents at the end of the meeting, saying the policy was generally accepted by members but raised concerns about implementations.
Ishaku said: “The CBN was advised to make money available in quantum. The old money can also be recirculated to ease the suffering of the poorest of the poor.”
According to Sanwo-Olu, the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Mahmood Yakubu, and the Inspector General of Police (IGP) briefed the council on the state of readiness for the 2023 general elections, and assured them that they were fully prepared.
Malami said: “We are on course as far as election preparedness is concerned.”