Tambuwal, who is the Director-General of the Peoples Democratic Party presidential campaign council, spoke at the grand finale of the party’s campaign rally in Yola, the capital of Adamawa. The Governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal, says Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), is not “democratic enough” to be president. Tambuwal, who is the Director-General of the Peoples Democratic Party presidential campaign council, spoke at the grand finale of the party’s campaign rally in Yola, the capital of Adamawa. The Sokoto state governor said among the candidates contesting to be president, Abubakar alone had the capacity to “lead Nigeria to the promised land”. He said, “The argument has been made, issues have been joined and it is clear that only Atiku and Okowa are prepared to lead this country in a united manner. Atiku is competent; he has the capacity that we require today. We must not make the mistake of voting for APC again. “I will not talk about Labour because their candidate when he was the governor of Anambra State was not able to conduct one single local government election. “I challenge the Labour people to bring that record where Peter Obi was able to conduct a local government election, so how can he now be attempting to be president of Nigeria when as governor he could not organise local government elections? He is not democratic enough. In any case, his candidature is tainted by ethnic chauvinism and we know what that will portend for Nigeria.” Speaking during the rally, Atiku reiterated his commitment to ensuring good governance, quality education, a buoyant economy, and a peaceful country if elected president in the next week’s presidential election, scheduled to hold in the 25th February 2023. The PDP Presidential candidate thanked all Nigerians for a successful campaign rally noting that everywhere he went he was accepted by thousands of people, saying it was an indication Nigerians had accepted the PDP. He charged Adamawa voters not to disappoint Nigerians who had accepted his candidature. Atiku said, “Today is the final day of our campaign. I want to thank all Nigerians for showing solidarity. I want to assure all Nigerians that will not disappoint u. we will make sure we have a peaceful country, a buoyant economy, and good education and devolve power to the states. I want to reiterate those 5 key points. In Adamawa, it is a golden opportunity for you to elect me.” “Make sure you vote for me. Don't be misled by any propaganda. I want to appeal to you to vote for all PDP candidates from the state assembly. The combination of myself and Fintiri will be awesome. Please return PDP in the state and vote for PDP in the Presidency. Please, don't disappoint the rest of Nigerians, go all to tour local government, units, and households. Let’s record the highest votes in this state.” Speaking earlier at the campaign, The Chairman of the PDP, Senator Iyorcha Ayu, equally thanked the people of Adamawa for the show of love, asking them to reject the APC which he said brought on a bad policy of naira redesign. “I want to thank the people of Adamawa for the show of love for us and their son, Atiku the next president of Nigeria. “This is the second time that the PDP has come to rescue Nigeria. For the past 16 years, we were rebuilding. PDP is the party of the people and not the party of individuals or groups. APC is an alliance and it is collapsing. It is the policy of the party to redesign the naira and bring hardship to Nigerians. PDP has come to bring hope.” “What is good about Adamawa is that it has over 100 ethnic groups and they all live peacefully. Atiku will unite the country and we all will live in peace,” he noted.