SaharaReporters earlier reported and published the video of the woman who was caught on camera demanding money from prospective people to issue them their PVCs at a primary school in Emene. The police in Enugu State, Southeast Nigeria have arrested and arraigned a woman seen in a viral video allegedly selling Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) to prospective voters at Practising Primary School, Emene for N1,000 each.  SaharaReporters earlier reported and published the video of the woman who was caught on camera demanding money from prospective people to issue them their PVCs at a primary school in Emene. The suspect told the prospective voters to either pay the N1000 or go to the local government to collect their PVCs, adding that she transported herself to bring the cards to them at their closest location.  However, a statement issued by the Enugu State Police Command on Wednesday night, said the woman and her accomplice, who is an employee of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), had been apprehended and arraigned in court.  The police identified the principal suspect as Chinwendu Nnamani, aged 41 while the INEC employee, Nkiruka Patience Obinna is aged 38. Nkiruka, who reportedly gave the cards to Obinna for distribution to the owners, was also charged.  According to the statement signed by the State Police Relations Officer, DSP Daniel Ndukwe, the suspects were apprehended by detectives on January 31, 2023, but were arraigned in court after an investigation was concluded on Wednesday, February 8, 2023.  The statement reads, “Police Detectives serving in the State Criminal Investigation Department of Enugu State Command, on 31/01/2023, arrested the female suspect, one Chinwendu Nnamani aged 41, involved in the viral social media video clip, in which she is seen and alleged to be selling INEC Permanent Voter’s Cards (PVCs) at the sum of one thousand naira (N1,000.00), at Emene Enugu.  “Also arrested is one Nkiruka Patience Obinna aged 38, identified as an INEC Staff and alleged to have given the said cards to the first suspect for distribution to the actual owners.  “Investigation has been concluded, the case charged to court, in line with the provisions of the Electoral Act, 2022, and the suspects arraigned accordingly.  “The suspects were granted bail and the case adjourned to 15/02/2023 for further hearing.”