The students’ association noted that Nigerians are going through hell to purchase petrol at indiscriminate prices decided by individual oil marketer. The National Association of Nigerian Students, South-West (Zone D) has described the redesigning of naira notes as a deficient policy that lacked the planning required for it to cater for the demands of the Nigerian people. The students’ association noted that Nigerians are going through hell to purchase petrol at indiscriminate prices decided by individual oil marketer. This was made known by Coordinator NANS Southwest Zone D, Comrade Adejuwon Emmanuel Olatunji, popularly known as Teejay in a statement issued on Monday. NANS asserted that those involved in the planning of the national economy at this critical point in time have no idea of 21st century economic management. It added that President Muhammadu Buhari’s government failed woefully to manage the petroleum industry well and rehabilitate the national refineries as promised in 2015. The statement reads, "We have deliberated as per the effect of the scarcity of fuel and naira redesign has subjected Nigerians to in the past few weeks. We consider the policy of the naira redesign as a deficient policy with lack of planning to be able to cater for the demands of the Nigerian people owing to the crisis it has created than it is solving. "This is just as Nigerians are going through hell to purchase petrol at indiscriminate prices decided by individual oil marketer. One would begin to ask if those involved in the planning of the national economy at this critical point in time have any idea of 21st century economy management. "Buhari government failed woefully to manage the petroleum industry well and rehabilitate all our national refineries as promised in 2015. For an administration that has failed to take drastic step to resolve issue of corruption and petroleum products scarcity for eight years, what then can they miraculously achieve by this eleventh hour naira redesign and NNPC selling?” "However, the zone is still in discussion with other zones as regarding the actions to be taken but as we all know that southwest zone being the most ideologically zone will definitely act. Pending the time that national and the group of coordinators decide, there will be protest in some states in Southwest. OGUN state will be holding a protest tomorrow, 7th of February, 2023 and while other states will announce their own in due time," the statement added.