According to IPOB, the plan is to assassinate the PDP candidate in the South-East region of Nigeria. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has claimed that its intelligence unit has uncovered a plan by some unscrupulous politicians to attack and assassinate the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar. According to IPOB, the plan is to assassinate the PDP candidate in the South-East region of Nigeria. IPOB in a statement by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, alleged that the plan is to use the attack to blackmail the separatist group (IPOB), its militant wing, the Eastern Security Network (ESN) and supporters of the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi, popularly known as Obidients. The pro-Biafra group said its intelligence unit, the M-Branch “uncovered a plan by some unscrupulous politicians to cause a crisis in the country against IPOB and Ndigbo all over the country”. “This group is planning to assassinate Atiku Abubakar in the southeastern part of Nigeria and claim it is done by unknown gunmen, ESN/IPOB, or the Obidient group,” the statement also said. According to IPOB, the assassination will lead to a revolt against the people of the region and riots against the Southeasterners in the northern and western regions of the country. IPOB said, “Ndigbo will be massacred mercilessly, and their properties will be destroyed. Even the supporters of Peter Obi will not be spared in these areas. “We are drawing the attention of Biafrans around Nigeria to be very careful and cautious of this evil plot primarily targeted at Peter Obi and IPOB. “Their plans are to turn other ethnic groups in Nigeria against Ndigbo and possibly thwart the proposed selection process called 2023 election. “The Agendists are jittery about losing the election or Nigeria breakup against their political and economic gains. “Ndigbo in Lagos and many major cities in Nigeria should be on alert. Plans to attack them have been perfected, and it may consume a lot of people, and many properties may be destroyed. “The hatchet plan will be done in such a way that the International Community will blame Ndigbo for the crisis.  “We advise every Igbo person to stay alert and take all precautionary measures to defend and protect himself and herself. The plan of these agendists is to create confusion and pandemonium in every part of the country to scuttle the upcoming election.  “We are warning the genocidists to stay off because their evil agenda will bounce back and destroy them.”  The secessionist group further stated that it will soon mention the names of those involved in the assassination plan if they don't toe a different path. It said, “Our intelligence through the M-Branch is fighting tooth and nail to uncover their next move. Many top politicians are involved in this agenda to cause a crisis in Nigeria.”  IPOB also accused Ebonyi state government and its security militia Ebubeagu of “collaborating with the Nigerian security (agencies) to jointly attack the All Progressives Grand Alliance governorship candidate, Professor Bernard Odoh in Ebonyi state and the Executive governor Dave Umahi must watch the crooked and evil activity of Ebubeagu attacking and assassinating political opponents of APC party in the region”.  It added, “We advise them to stop this job or we'll come for them. Dave Umahi must stop their act, we are aware that Ebubeagu security militia has assassinated numerous politicians in Ebonyi and Imo states. The attack must be linked to the government of Ebonyi state.”