They lamented that they were not allowed to vote for their preferred candidates on Saturday during the presidential and National Assembly elections. Some protesters gathered in front of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) office along Owerri-Port Harcourt Road, Owerri, the state capital, on Tuesday, lamenting and singing. They lamented that they were not allowed to vote for their preferred candidates on Saturday during the presidential and National Assembly elections. The protesters said they would not accept the imposition of candidates on them by INEC by denying them the opportunity to cast their votes.  The protesters displayed leaves and placards with various inscriptions saying among others: "INEC Chairman, be informed, not deformed. No election took place in Orsu and Oru-East", "Alert!!! No election took place in Orsu and Oru-East LGA. Beware", "INEC, do not allow the choice of this masses to be subverted!!!" "Say no to election fraud", etc. The protesters also sang that they were angry because they were unable to cast their votes.  According to them, there were no elections in Orsu and Oru-East areas of the state but they were surprised to hear that the electoral body wanted to announce election results for those areas.  Speaking to BBC Igbo, one of the protesters, Chief Lambat Ajemo from Orlu Local Government Area, said, "My ward is Orlu Mgbe Government Station. In my ward, we have 21 polling units.  "The elections they told us would be transparent and credible, we came out to vote on Saturday but till evening, we were told that INEC said they lack manpower and that the elections would be on Sunday.  "On Sunday, we came out as usual and waited until evening and nothing happened, only for us to hear on Monday that INEC has concluded the elections and that they wanted to announce results.  "We came to Owerri today to ask where the elections held that INEC wants to announce results? Since 1999 I have been voting and I'm currently above 60 years but this is the only election, (showing his Permanent Voter Card) that I have been denied access to vote.  "All these people from Orlu, Orsu and Oru-East were denied the opportunity to vote." https://web.facebook.com/watch/live/?extid=WA-UNK-UNK-UNK-AN_GK0T-GK1C&mibextid=2Rb1fB&ref=watch_permalink&v=3554587714864929 