She suggested that the best bet for a country like Nigeria with debt problem was to cut cost of governance. A Senatorial candidate of the New Nigerian People's Party (NNPP), for Anambra Central Senatorial District, Princess Helen Mbakwe, has decried the high cost of governance in Nigeria. Mbakwe, who spoke on Tuesday, during a parley with members of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), Anambra State Council, said it was appalling that a country with over N44trillion in debt could continue to maintain bloated government expenditures. She suggested that the best bet for a country like Nigeria with debt problem was to cut cost of governance, and reduce salaries and entitlements of political office holders. In the parley held at Godwin Ezeemo International Press Center, Awka, the NNPP candidate said, "Part of what we want to do in the Senate is to ensure that Nigeria cuts the cost of governance, by ensuring that what elected politicians take home as salaries and other entitlements are reduced drastically. "With the country owing over N44trillion in debt, there is no reason it should be extravagant in spending and consumption, without corresponding efforts to save for other infrastructural interventions." She also suggested that politicians seeking multiple tenures at the national assembly are covetous, and should not be encouraged. According to her, single tenure of 4 years is enough for a good politician to achieve her goals, then, hand over baton to another person with fresh ideas. She also promised that as a senator, she would ensure that the three arms of government - the executive, the legislature and the judiciary, hold hands together to promote good governance. She said, "I come out to contest because I believe that beyond 2023, there will be a new Nigeria and a new Anambra Central, where things will work well for the best interest of all Nigerians. Nigeria needs special intervention. The countrys need something new and beautiful. "Come February 25, Anambra Central will take bold step in electing a senator that will help salvage the zone and the country; and that is what I'm out to do. I have fresh ideas and new plans for us. While we make frantic efforts to elect the best president for Nigeria; senators like us will be at the national assembly supporting the president with good laws that will move the country forward." She said that she remained the best candidate for Anambra Central Senatorial District because of her background in the law profession, and international contacts. She summarised her five-point agenda in the acronym, SAFER, which include Security, Aspiration, Food (agriculture), Employment and Resolute representation. She said that as a lawmaker, she would not only pursue legislation that would bring her agenda to life; but would also attract necessary agencies, government bodies and organizations that will help bring them to fruition for the betterment of her senatorial zone in particular, and Nigeria in general.