SaharaReporters also visited Access Bank, Zenith Bank, First Bank and United Bank for Africa (UBA) in Awka and the story was the same. Residents of Awka, Anambra State capital have been thrown into more frustration as all the commercial banks in the state capital have stopped accepting old N200, N500 and N1,000 notes. SaharaReporters had reported that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), in disobedience to the interim injunction order issued by the Supreme Court, insisted that February 10 remains the deadline for the old notes to cease being legal tender. Meanwhile, the CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele, had before the initial January 31 deadline told Nigerians that after the deadline, they can take their old Naira notes to their deposit banks where the old notes would be accepted and deposited in their bank accounts without affecting the exact value of their money. However, when SaharaReporters visited some commercial banks in Awka on Wednesday, two staff members of the Enugu-Onitsha Expressway branch of Fidelity Bank Plc confirmed that the bank no longer accepts old naira notes from customers. The two male employees who spoke on condition of anonymity said that commercial banks were only allowed to accept old notes from customers from January 31 to February 10, while from February 11 to 17, banks were to return all the old notes collected to CBN while customers who still have old notes are expected to also go to CBN branches in their states to deposit them. SaharaReporters also visited Access Bank, Zenith Bank, First Bank and United Bank for Africa (UBA) in Awka and the story was the same. Meanwhile, customers lament and express frustration in banking halls and at Automated Teller Machine (ATM) galleries as they are not dispensing money. At the Access Bank branch located along Enugu-Onitsha expressway, SaharaReporters gathered that the ATM dispensed N10,000 for 10 people in the morning and stopped. The bank management told customers that the bank had exhausted its cash and asked them to wait till 2 pm when the bank would receive money from CBN. But by 2:35 pm when SaharaReporters left the bank, no money had been made available for the frustrated customers. At the First Bank, customers were given numbers as they were also asked to await funds coming from the CBN. The money arrived at exactly 2 pm in a white bullion van escorted by two police vehicles but as at 2:46 pm when SaharaReporters left the bank, neither customers at the counter inside the banking hall nor by the ATMs were issued money. Meanwhile, within the Awka metropolis, many traders, commercial transporters and artisans no longer accept the old Naira notes. “I stopped accepting the old notes yesterday (Tuesday) because over N100,000 old notes I accepted on Monday almost got stuck in my hands as none of the people that supply goods accepted the old money. I was so lucky that one of them accepted it and since then, I have asked my girls not to accept old money again,” a female provision store owner at First Market area of Awka said. Another trader popularly known as Mama Nkem told SaharaReporters that she stopped accepting the old naira notes because “I don’t have the time and strength to go to CBN and stand in the queue to deposit money that will take a month to reflect in my bank account.” “I am a businessman and I don’t have that time and strength. And what if the money does not enter my account after four weeks as the Central Bank said? Who will I hold responsible in this country where everybody is on his own? If it is not new money, the customer can check another shop,” an electrical appliances seller who identified himself as Iyke said.