While speaking at the state college governorship debate on Wednesday, Doherty who described local government councils as the closest tier of government to the people, vowed that his administration would ensure proper resources allocation to the councils to ensure efficient performance of their functions. Funso Doherty, the governorship candidate of the Action Democratic Congress (ADC) in Lagos State, has stated that one of his visions if elected as the state governor is to ensure the local government councils become more functional than what is currently obtainable in the state. While speaking at the state college governorship debate on Wednesday, Doherty who described local government councils as the closest tier of government to the people, vowed that his administration would ensure proper resources allocation to the councils to ensure efficient performance of their functions. He said, “Philosophically, we believe in decentralisation. We believe that government should be close to the people. And those that are close to people should have the resources to do the work because they understand the needs of the people. That does not mean that the state should turn a blind eye; have no cognizance of what is going on. “But if the people who are closest to the people should be given resources to deal with the problem the people face, I think we will be in a better position. One of the historical issues that we have had is that we have not always had the capacity within the local government to deliver that quality of governance; and as a result or maybe as a direct part of those resources controlled by the centre of the state. “You know local government elections are handled by state agencies, not by INEC. So, a lot of the time what we have had is a situation where people at the centre are essentially choosing people at the local government for reasons other than capacity, other than merit; for things like loyalties and so on. We believe that commensurate and at the same time we are devolving resources to the local government, we are also ensuring that the merit is the criteria for people rising for the position of authorities within the local government.” 