The protesters marched through major roads in the state capital, causing gridlock in most parts of the state. Economic and social activities were on Wednesday paralysed in Enugu, the Enugu State capital, as residents took to the streets to protest against the high cost of fuel and scarcity of new naira notes in banks. The protesters marched through major roads in the state capital, causing gridlock in most parts of the state. They accused filling station owners of hoarding and hiking the price of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), otherwise called petrol. It was observed that the protest which began along Gariki and Agbani roads in Enugu South Local Government Area of Enugu State, soon spread to Ogbete Market, Ogui Road, New Haven and Independence Layout, leading to the closure of many shops and offices over the fear of looting and destruction. The protesters were seen urging bus passengers to alight and join the protest while private vehicles put green leaves in their cars to show solidarity. Many filling stations sell a litre of PMS between N430 and N500. Some drivers said the suffering they were going through to get the product was frustrating, stressing that something needed to be done urgently to salvage the situation.  Speaking to SaharaReporters, a bus driver, Okechukwu Ezechi, said the incessant hikes in the pump price of petrol were no longer acceptable. He called on the government to address the situation and questioned the authorities for bringing hardship on Nigerians even though the country is oil-rich.  “How can we buy fuel N400 yesterday and today it has risen to N500, and we, the motorists, are saying no to impunity.  “By tomorrow, if they do not return to the normal price, we will give out their fuel to people free of charge,” he threatened.  Another driver, who gave his name as Emmanuel, said they were expressing their anger over certain anomalies in the state.  He said, “If you want to buy fuel, they will tell you to use Point of Sale (POS) whereas the queue is much and if you go to the bank, you will spend the whole day before it will get to your turn.”  Chidiebere Njoku, another motorist, called on the different tiers of government to make the product available to Nigerians. He appealed to oil marketers in the state not to hoard the product to alleviate their plight.  He added, “If I buy fuel at N500, how much will I tell the passenger I am carrying to pay?”  A trader, Obiageli Chikwelu, said she could not buy wares due to a lack of cash, adding that bank apps were also not working because of network problems.  The chaos forced many filling stations, shops, and offices to close early to avoid looting and destruction. 