 The Director, New Media of the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential campaign council, Femi Fani-Kayode, has lambasted the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele, over the Naira redesign and cashless policy. The presidential candidate of the APC, Bola Tinubu, had claimed that there was a plan to sabotage his ambition in the forthcoming election, alleging that the Naira redesign and cashless policy by the CBN were part of a plot to scuttle the poll and his expected victory. Despite that the Naira redesign and cashless policy came to force following the approval of President Muhammadu Buhari, the former Lagos State governor had said, “If you like, increase the price of fuel, hide the fuel or change the ink on the naira notes, we will win the election. “We will use our PVCs (permanent voter cards) to take over the government from them; if they like, let them say there is no fuel, we will trek there (polling booths). “They are full of mischief, they want to create a fuel crisis, they have started creating a fuel crisis, but, forget about it, put your mind at rest, I’m assuring you. I, Asiwaju will end fuel scarcity. “Let the price of fuel continue to increase, they are the ones that know where they are hoarding it. They are hoarding naira notes, they are hoarding fuel, we will vote and we will win. “If you like, change the ink in the naira note, we will win the election, the opposition will be defeated.” As Tinubu and his campaign team continued to lament that the Naira redesign, cashless policy and lingering fuel scarcity are all plans to sabotage his ambition in the coming elections, Fani-Kayode on Monday on his Twitter page described Emefiele as “a pawn, poddle and pimp” who is being used by sadists. “Emefiele does not have the balls to do what he is doing on his own. He is wearing someone else's balls to do it. He is nothing but a pawn, poddle & pimp. “The sadists that are using him whose balls he is wearing are the greater evil & we WILL blow them apart & rock their world,” Fani-Kayode said.