  The Peoples Democratic Party in Kogi State has accused some group of people of trying to malign Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan, its candidate in the Kogi Central Senatorial candidate. Some acclaimed members of the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) had in a letter to President Muhammadu Buhari accused Akpoti-Uduaghan of importing thugs and militants into the state and all manner of allegations. Reacting in a statement, Ilyasu Zubaru, zonal chairman of the party alleged the group fabricated falsehood to malign its candidate. The statement read, “ Our attention has been drown to a letter dated 31st day of January, 2023 addressed to Your Excellency by some individuals parading themselves to be members of the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP). “The authors of the said letter who apparently ore frustrated members of some deregistered political parties took the liberty to malign and cast aspersions on our Senatorial Candidate for Kogi Central Senatorial seat in the forthcoming General Elections, accusing her of importing thugs and militants into the state and all manner of unprintable allegations. “Ordinarily, we should not condescend to joining issues with these impostors end mischief makers who are obviously doing the bidding of a pay master neither should we bother Your Excellency with the sordid narrative of the activities of these miscreants. However, we owe a duty to make it abundantly clear, and indeed, place it on record that the entire allegations contained in the said letter are outright falsehood deliberately fabricated to malign our Senatorial Candidate in the person of Barr. (Mrs.) Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan. “lnstructively, the spokesperson of the Coalition, lkengza lmo Ugochinyere, in a statement officially issued and endorsed by him on the 1stday of February, 2023 has unequivocally dissociated the coalition from the letter in issue. For good measure, the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) has in the said statement denied the membership of the impostors that endorsed the said letter. “In the light of the foregoing we urge Your Excellency to disregard the letter in question and jettison its content. We also pray Your Excellency to direct all security agencies to beam their searchlights on Kogi State, particularly Kogi Central Senatorial District ahead of the forthcoming elections.” 