The National President of OYC, Igboayaka O. Igboayaka, disclosed this in a statement. The apex socio-cultural youths organisation of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Ohanaeze Youth Council, OYC, has said it has uncovered plots by Governor David Umahi to terrorise Ebonyi State with his militias squad.
The National President of OYC, Igboayaka O. Igboayaka, disclosed this in a statement.
He called on heads of security agents to deploy possible measures to avert the impending bloodbath in the state.
The release read in part, “The attention of security intelligence team of Ohanaeze Youth Council has been drawn to the classified conspiracy by Gov David Umahi to breach security situation in Ebonyi State by arming his Militias Killers Squad to terrorize Ebonyians in other to have his way to win senatorial election and install Rt. Hon Francis Nwifuru as next governor of Ebonyi State.
"Over two weeks ago, Gov Umahi was briefed by his intelligence team that he had become unpopular and unacceptable in Ebonyi State due to the rate of killings that took place Within his eight (8) years tyrannical rulership. Upon hearing his unacceptability among Ebonyians, he planned to use terror to win his senatorial bid and also impose his puppet guber candidate, Rt. Hon Francis Nwifuru on Ebonyians by using terror to cause vote suppression in areas that are not his stronghold.
“Gov Umahi had concluded plans to use terror to scare people away from coming en mass to vote their preferred candidates; this secret plan will make Friday night and Saturday morning a terror zone in Ebonyi. 
"Gov Umahi has instructed his militias Killers Squad to hide at least four (4) AK47 in strategic places (Bush) near every polling units, so his Militias Killers Squad will receive signal and unleash their attack.
"Gov Umahi has murdered sleep in Ebonyi, and he will sleep no more. Our intelligence gathered that Gov David Umahi has concluded plan to bring Militant Squad from Ateke Tom through Rt. Hon Francis Nwifuru's boy known as Jango, but unfortunately we reliably informed that Ateke Tom has vehemently turned down the Gov. Umahi's offer.
"Gov Umahi must be notified that Ohanaeze Youth Council has also uncovered how he configured thousands of fake BVAS, that will be distributed at various polling units by his armed militias killers. We also gathered that the vicious killers have been instructed to shoot sporadic and drop fake Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) and collect the original BVAS and run away."