The Supreme Court on Wednesday, temporarily suspended Friday's deadline to end the legal tender status of old banknotes, which had caused a cash crisis in the nation.    Aloy Ejimakor, special counsel for the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, has called on the people asking Nigerian government to obey the Supreme Court ruling on extending the deadline for the use of old banknotes as legal tender, to ask the same government to comply with the court judgment freeing his client.  SaharaReporters had reported that a Federal High Court in Umuahia Abia State, Southeast Nigeria, in 2022 ordered the Nigerian government to release the IPOB leader and return him to Kenya, describing his extradition or extraordinary rendition as unlawful and unconstitutional.  Prior to the high court judgment, an Appeal Court sitting in Abuja on October 13, 2022 declared the extradition of Kanu as unlawful. The court in a unanimous decision barred any court from trying the IPOB leader. The government appealed the judgement. Also, United Nations group on arbitrary detention and torture in July 2022 asked the Nigerian government led by President Muhammadu Buhari to release Nnamdi Kanu within six months and pay him adequate compensation. The recommendations have not been implemented and the six months elapsed in December 2022.  The Supreme Court on Wednesday, temporarily suspended Friday's deadline to end the legal tender status of old banknotes, which had caused a cash crisis in the nation.  The ruling came shortly after the International Monetary Fund said Nigeria should consider extending its deadline to swap old banknotes because of the disruption to trade and payments caused by a shortage of new notes.  The apex bank decided last year to start circulating the new notes, giving people until 31 January to get rid of their old ones.  Meanwhile, because of the government opposition to the court decision, many Nigerians have called on President Buhari's administration to abide by the ruling of the court. Meanwhile, the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami has said the ruling is binding on the government.  But reacting to the calls on the government to obey the order, via his Twitter handle, Kanu's special counsel, Ejimakor asked those calling on the government to obey the court ruling to also ask the same government to obey court orders that freed his client.  Ejimakor wrote: "Those asking the Federal government to obey the Supreme Court judgment extending the deadline on old Naira notes should also ask the Federal government to comply with the Court/Tribunal rulings that called for the release of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. All judgments are created equal." 