Buhari specifically said many persons had high expectations, urging them to provide adequate security in ensuring peaceful conduct of the 2023 general elections. President Muhammadu Buhari has unveiled a large catchment of arms, ammunition, riot control agents including tear gas and pepper sprays for the Nigerian police, ahead of the general elections. Buhari in Abuja on Monday told the service chiefs and leadership of the Nigeria Police Force that the global community was watching them. Buhari specifically said many persons had high expectations, urging them to provide adequate security in ensuring peaceful conduct of the 2023 general elections. The President gave this caution at the Force Headquarters, Abuja, while unveiling critical operational assets procured by the force. “You should, however, be reminded of my high expectations of your leadership, particularly, in relation to the provision of requisite security that will engender not just stable security space ahead of the general election, but guarantee the credibility of the exercise.” “In this task, I call on the IGP and indeed, all law enforcement agencies that will be complementing the police in the election security process to note that the eyes of the nation and the global community will be on you all,” Buhari said. He commended the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, for advancing the police reform agenda of his administration and for several other initiatives he had brought to the Force. The president later proceeded to unveil a wide range assortment of operational assets acquired to strategically improve on the operational capabilities of the force, particularly in crowd control and anti-riot operations. A total of 127 operational vehicles which include: Toyota Hilux Pick Up vans, Zahab Classic Pick Up vans, Mikano Rich-6 Pick Up vans, anti-riot water cannons, Armored Personnel Carriers, Toyota Land Cruiser Prado Jeeps, Toyota Coaster Buses, Toyota Hiace Ambulances, Mikano Trucks, and Crowd Control Barriers Vehicles were commissioned. Similarly, a large catchment of arms, ammunition, riot control agents such as tear gas, tasers, stun guns, pepper sprays, bulletproof vests, helmets, and other personal protective equipment procured by the police will also be unveiled by the president. The equipment commissioned, according to Baba, were for improved strategic and tactical operational deployments, particularly in light of the upcoming 2023 General Elections.