The organisation warned that the elections must not be manipulated to favour a particular candidate against the wishes Nigerian electorate.  The apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has warned the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof Mahmood Yakubu, against the manipulation of the results of Saturday's presidential and legislative elections. The organisation warned that the elections must not be manipulated to favour a particular candidate against the wishes Nigerian electorate. Ohanaeze gave the warning in a statement on Sunday. It said the manipulation of election results is an invitation for anarchy as Nigerians would not accept anything less than to ensure that their votes count.  The Igbo apex body in the statement signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Dr Alex Ogbonnia, said the reported irregularities across the country, especially in Lagos, Delta, Southeast states, Rivers and a host of others smacked of betrayal of the electoral process.  Ohanaeze said, "Professor Yakubu is reminded that Nigerians went into this election based on his assurances that the deployment of BVAS by INEC was a perfect antidote to electoral malpractices in Nigeria.  "It will therefore be very unfortunate if what is going on across Nigeria is allowed to continue. It is a betrayal of trust which the millions of Nigerians will surely revolt against." Titled "Nigerians have spoken," Ohanaeze in the statement thanked the good people of Nigeria for their courage, steadfastness and the ultimate discharge of their civic duties by exercising their franchise for a better Nigeria at the polls on Saturday. "The Secretary General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Ambassador Okey Emuchay, MFR expresses immense delight that the youths of Nigeria walked their talk by voting for Peter Obi and Datti Ahmed of the Labour Party, overwhelmingly across the country. "Going by the results so far released, Nigerians have fully expressed their delight for a quantum leap from the asphyxiating ocean of darkness and want an inspiring gravy train of light and prosperity. "It is most regrettable that some agents of darkness are bent on using the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to test the will of Nigerians. For instance, Peter Obi has often insisted that the Almighty God is only using him as a vessel to rescue and lift Nigeria from its current tailspin. In other words, the victory is yours and must be defended by all. “We call on President Muhammadu Buhari and the international community to prevail on Mahmood Yakubu not to lend hand to the thickening Frankenstein monster that first devours its creator by respecting the will of the people. Nigerians have spoken." 