In a viral video seen by SaharaReporters, the party attendees sprayed the performing singer Segun Johnson with the special notes made for the event.    Guests at a recent induction party organised by the Association of Professional Party Organisers and Event Managers of Nigeria (APPOEMMN) abandoned Naira notes and opted for the special money printed by the event organisers. In a viral video seen by SaharaReporters, the party attendees sprayed the performing singer Segun Johnson with the special notes made for the event. An Instagram user, Isaac Fayose who shared the video, disclosed that the event planners generated their own money which was bought via bank transfers of naira notes. “Who do us for Nigeria?” Due to Naira scarcity, they printed their own party money, you do an electronic transfer, you get the naira equivalent in the denomination you want for spraying at the party. Is spraying a must? Wahala wahala wahala,” he wrote. This incident may be connected with the difficulty Nigerians are facing due to the Naira swap policy made by the Central Bank. The Central Bank of Nigeria had fixed February 10 as the new deadline for the exchange of old naira notes for newly redesigned ones, having initially fixed January 31 as the deadline. But on Wednesday, the Supreme Court temporarily halted the government's move to stop the use of old naira notes on February 10, 2023 (today). This was stated in a ruling given by a seven-member panel led by Justice John Okoro for an ex parte application brought by three northern state governments of Kaduna, Kogi, and Zamfara. The three states had specifically applied for an order of Interim Injunction restraining “the federal government through the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) or the commercial banks from suspending or determining or ending on February 10, 2023, the time frame with which the now older version of the 200, 500 and 1,000 denominations of the naira may no longer be legal tender pending the hearing and determination of their motion on notice for interlocutory injunction.” Mr A. I. Mustapha, SAN, counsel for the applicants, urged the Supreme Court to grant the application in the interest of justice and the well-being of Nigeria. Meanwhile, the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami has said that the Nigerian government would abide by the ruling of the Supreme Court, describing it as binding. Many Nigerians are currently unable to obtain the new N200, N500, and N1,000 notes, resulting in scarcity and attendant suffering in the country. This has led to protests and vandalism in some parts of the country. SaharaReporters earlier reported how angry youths in Abeokuta, Ogun State on Tuesday vandalised one of the branches of First Bank while protesting against the persisting scarcity of Naira notes that has forced many businesses across the country to shut down. 