This was stated in a press statement signed by the party’s Board of Trustees Chairman, Senator Mrs. Patricia Akwashiki, saying the party’s former chairman was not authorised to take such a decision on behalf of the party. The African Democratic Congress (ADC) has distanced itself from the parties calling for the cancellation of Saturday's presidential election. This was stated in a press statement signed by the party’s Board of Trustees Chairman, Senator Mrs. Patricia Akwashiki, saying the party’s former chairman was not authorised to take such a decision on behalf of the party. It was widely reported that the Peoples Democratic Party, the Labour Party and the African Democratic Congress had asked the Chairman of the Independent Electoral Commission, Mahmood Yakubu, to step aside. The three parties in a joint press conference on Tuesday, in Abuja, alleged that the February 2023 presidential and National Assembly elections were marred by violence, rigging and intimidation of voters. The parties demanded the conduct of fresh elections. However, in a press statement titled, ‘Leave ADC Out Of Your Fight’, the party stated that its reaction to the election will come when the final result has been announced. The statement reads: “My attention has been drawn to a press statement issued by the National Chairman of the Labour Party, Julius Abure, on behalf of the Labour Party, Peoples Democratic Party and the African Democratic Congress. “They demanded that the INEC Chairman step down from his position and that fresh elections should be conducted. This is not the position of the African Democratic Congress (ADC). Ralph Nwosu who is the immediate past Chairman of the ADC does not speak for the ADC and cannot speak for the ADC.  “We cannot be party to any action that will undermine the integrity of INEC or lead to a breakdown of law and order. When the final results are announced by INEC, we will have an informed reaction. The ADC will not be a party to any attempt to truncate the ongoing electoral process. All parties to this process must remain law abiding and remember that the Electoral Act clearly spells out guidelines for redress.”      