While the church justified the action of the Pastor which it said was done in best of interest, it maintained that House on the Rock as a church rejected all forms of violence, adding that it was fully committed to the good news gospel of Jesus Christ which embraces peace and goodwill for all of mankind. Pentecostal Christian church, House on the Rock, has explained why its presiding pastor in Abuja, Uche Aigbe, mounted the pulpit carrying an AK-47 rifle, adding that it was to illustrate his teaching. While the church justified the action of the Pastor which it said was done in best of interest, it maintained that House on the Rock as a church rejected all forms of violence, adding that it was fully committed to the good news gospel of Jesus Christ which embraces peace and goodwill for all of mankind. SaharaReporters had earlier reported Aigbe had during Sunday Service, mounted the pulpit with a rifle, a development that caused apprehension among the congregants. Laughing in his usual characteristic way, Aigbe said, “Some people are looking for my trouble. And I came here prepared. Today, there are some pastors with the gift of divination who go about ripping people off. This is why we should carry our “guns” and defend ourselves. I will particularly be coming very soon for some of you sleeping in the church.” He was subsequently arrested and detained by the Federal Capital Territory Command of the Nigerian Police Force, insisting that he had questions to answer. The church in a statement issued on Monday evening, said “On Sunday, February 12, a resident pastor of House on the Rock, Abuja Church, Pastor Uche Aigbe in a message about fighting the good fight with spiritual weapons, carried an unloaded gun to illustrate his message on ‘Guarding your Faith.’ “Pastor Uche has been a leader in House on the Rock, Abuja since 1999 and has always shown exemplary leadership. However, he realises that even with the best of intentions, carrying a gun to illustrate his message was ill-advised and regrettable."  Attesting the good faith the man of God has exhibited, the church said, “Without hesitation, Pastor Uche has acknowledged the gravity of his actions and apologises unreservedly for them.  “As a church, House on the Rock rejects all forms of violence and we stand on the good news gospel of Jesus Christ which embraces peace and goodwill for all of mankind.  “We are cooperating fully with the authorities as they carry out their investigations into this incident, and we will continue to engage internally to ensure this break in protocol does not happen again.” 