Malami, however, noted that the government was hopeful that the ex parte ruling which expires on Wednesday, February 15, 2023, would be upturned.   The Nigerian government has stated that it will obey the Supreme Court's decision to suspend the Central Bank of Nigeria's (CBN) February 10 deadline for the exchange of naira notes. Abubakar Malami, Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, confirmed this in an interview on Arise TV on Thursday. Malami, however, noted that the government was hopeful that the ex parte ruling which expires on Wednesday, February 15, 2023, would be upturned. SaharaReporters reported on Wednesday that the Supreme Court temporarily halted the Nigerian government's move to stop the use of old naira notes on February 10, 2023 (today). This was stated in a ruling given by a seven-member panel led by Justice John Okoro for an ex parte application brought by three northern state governments of Kaduna, Kogi, and Zamfara. The three states had specifically applied for an order of Interim Injunction restraining “the federal government through the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) or the commercial banks from suspending or determining or ending on February 10, 2023, the time frame with which the now older version of the 200, 500 and 1,000 denominations of the naira may no longer be legal tender pending the hearing and determination of their motion on notice for interlocutory injunction.” On Wednesday, Mr A. I. Mustapha, SAN, counsel for the applicants, urged the Supreme Court to grant the application in the interest of justice and the well-being of Nigeria. Malami noted that the CBN, which is a necessary party in the case, was not joined, and that as a result, the Supreme Court lacked jurisdiction to hear the case in the first instance. He said the government's decision to follow the Supreme Court's order on the naira deadline was based on the administration's respect for the rule of law. He said: “An interim order was granted by the Supreme Court and that order was to lapse on Wednesday (February 15) and incidentally, that was the day the court fixed for hearing of the motion. With this position in mind, we have taken steps to file our objection challenging the jurisdiction of the court to entertain the matter. “Jurisdiction on the ground that when you talk of monetary policy, Central Bank is an indispensable and necessary party in the matter. “A situation where the Central Bank is not joined in the matter as a party and if the Central Bank as an institution is not joined as a party, the law is clear that the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court cannot be invoked. “So, we have given consideration to diverse issues, inclusive of the issue of jurisdiction and we will argue it from that perspective. “There is no doubt that the ruling of the Supreme Court, regardless of the circumstance, is binding and within the context of the spirit of the rule of law, so the issue of disobedience to the ruling of the Supreme Court is out of it. We agree wholeheartedly that we are bound by it and we will comply by it.” 