The suspect identified as Lekan Adekanbi, who was arrested and paraded on Friday at the Ogun State Police Command Headquarters, Eleweran, Abeokuta, said that he arranged the killing because the couple also refused to lend him money to buy a motorcycle after they refused to increase his salary. The suspect who led the killing of the former official of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Kehinde Fatinoye, his wife, Bukola and their only son, Oreoluwa, on New Year Day In Abeokuta, Ogun State capital, has told the police that he wiped off the family because they refused to increase his salary. The suspect identified as Lekan Adekanbi, who was arrested and paraded on Friday at the Ogun State Police Command Headquarters, Eleweran, Abeokuta, said that he arranged the killing because the couple also refused to lend him money to buy a motorcycle after they refused to increase his salary. The suspect who confessed that he carried out the monstrous act with the help of two suspected cultists said they killed the couple with a kitchen knife and sledge hammer while they bound the son with rope and hurled into a river at Adigbe area of Abeokuta. Adekanbi, who had been a driver to the couple since 2008 further explained that he invited the two other suspects identified as Ahmed Odetola a.k.a Akamo and Waheed Adeniyi a.k.a Koffi to join him to attack the couple. He was quoted as saying, “I took the step because the couple refused to increase my salary, and when I approached them for a loan to buy a motorcycle, they didn’t oblige. “Since that failed, I gave the deceased my Access Bank account to which the sum of N1,102,000 (One million one hundred and two thousand) was transferred at gunpoint. “When I realised that my identity had been known through my bank account, I decided with others to terminate the couple. That was when Waheed Adeniyi a.k.a Koffi took a knife from their kitchen and slaughtered the husband Kehinde Fatinoye, while I used sledge hammer to hit the wife Bukola Fatinoye on the head and she died on the spot.” He also said that while the robbery was on, Oreoluwa and the couple’s adopted son, Felix Olorunyomi entered the house and they were immediately seized, beaten and their hands fastened with ropes behind their back and subsequently driven to Ogun River Bridge at Adigbe where they were thrown into the river. The Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, while briefing journalists on how the suspects were arrested said they were arrested after a painstaking intelligence investigation. The police spokesperson said that “in the course of investigation, Lekan Adekanbi, a driver to the deceased family, was arrested based on circumstantial evidence while investigation continues. “The suspect, Lekan Adekanbi suddenly collapsed in the cell on the 2nd of January 2023, and he was rushed to the hospital for medical care. “But while in the hospital receiving treatment, he suddenly jumped from the bed and escaped through the fence of the hospital. “His escape further confirmed the police suspicion of his involvement in the intelligence-driven the Commissioner of Police ordered the State anti-kidnapping unit to join forces with the homicide unit in order to get the escaped driver and his accomplices arrested. “The two teams, in compliance with the CP’s directive, embarked on a technical and intelligence-driven investigation and traced the movement of the suspect to his elder brother in Iseyin, Oyo State but he had left the place before the arrival of the police. “The teams further intensified their efforts which yielded positive results when Lekan Adekanbi was apprehended in his hideout somewhere in Abeokuta on the 21st of January 2023. “Waheed Adeniyi a.k.a Koffi and Ahmed Odetola a.k.a Akamo were apprehended at Ogere on Thursday 9th of February 2023. “The three suspects who are members of Aiye confraternity have all confessed to their various roles in the gruesome and callous murder of the family.” 