Also, the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) in a statement on Sunday said, “Indeed, a corps member deployed to LEA primary school, Lugbe as INEC ad-hoc staff was brutalised by angry mob on the suspicion that he was involved in the act of thumb-printing ballot papers in favour of one of the presidential aspirants. The Federal Capital Territory Police Command of the Nigerian Police Force has debunked reports that a corps member working as a polling unit agent was lynched by angry voters in Abuja on Saturday. 
Also, the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) in a statement on Sunday said, “Indeed, a corps member deployed to LEA primary school, Lugbe as INEC ad-hoc staff was brutalised by angry mob on the suspicion that he was involved in the act of thumb-printing ballot papers in favour of one of the presidential aspirants. 
“To put issues in proper perspective, the brutalisation of the corps member was a case of mistaken identity. This was made known after investigation by the security agencies. In any case, the management of the scheme will not shield any corps member that runs foul of the electoral act if found guilty. 
“It is imperative to clarify that the corps member was not part of the criminal gang involved in the said act. Gratifyingly, the culprits who are neither corps members nor officials of the National Youth Service Corps have been apprehended by the police. The brutalised corps member did not die as reported but recuperating after treatment at the hospital. 
“The Scheme therefore wishes to call on Nigerians to exercise restraint on issues that concern Corps Members and other electorial officers on national assignment during the general elections.” 
Meanwhile, the FCT Police Command's spokesperson, Josephine Adeh, corroborated this in a statement on Sunday. 
Adeh said, “The FCT Police Command wishes to set the records straight concerning a case of misinformation and disinformation on social media alleging that a police officer was caught with thumb-printed ballot papers.
“This is not the fact as the officer was only assisting INEC staff to salvage electoral materials after they were attacked by the electorate at the polling unit.”
She added, “The officers, in an attempt to prevent the officials from being mobbed and the materials destroyed, assisted in moving some of the items to the annoyance of the electorate who poured their anger on the officers as well as the officials.
“It is equally pertinent to state that the corps member who was attacked in the video was shielded and taken to safety by the Divisional Police Officer and his men from the Lugbe Divisional Headquarters. He was not murdered as alleged in trending news.
“The FCT Command hereby warns the electorate to maintain decorum and desist from attacks on lawful authority while all grievances should be channelled through the proper process for resolution.”