Isibor, who was visibly agitated, had presented her presidential election result three consecutive times due to repeated errors in her figures. There was tension at the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) State Collation Centre in Awka, Anambra State capital on Monday when the Nnewi South Local Government Area collation officer, Associate Prof. Chinwe Isibor raised the alarm of threat to life by the Electoral Officer (EO) of the local government area.
Isibor, who was visibly agitated, had presented her presidential election result three consecutive times due to repeated errors in her figures.
After the third time of presenting the result to the presiding officer, Prof. Nnenna Oti, Isibor suddenly turned to the crowd of observers and journalists in the hall and shouted that the EO whom SaharaReporters could not ascertain his name and other unknown persons were threatening her life and that two unknown men had been trailing her since Sunday.
“Please, I want everybody here to know that these men are after my life. My EO is threatening my life. He just came in with some people I don't know now and they are threatening my life. They did not send me here. 
"They have been trailing me since yesterday and following me everywhere I go and also to this place. They have been threatening me and I don’t know why they are doing this. Please, my life is in danger and I want everybody to know this," she shouted.
Isibor's sudden outburst in the hall threw the entire hall into confusion and commotion as journalists in the hall insisted on the details of the collation officer's allegation. 
This led to temporary halting of the collation process as some INEC officials and security agents guided her out of the hall, preventing journalists from interviewing her.
Isibor, while correcting the errors on the presidential result, had vowed that she could not go back to Nnewi South as she narrowly save her life from the area.
"If you like, call President Buhari or the police IG but I cannot go back to Nnewi South. I just managed to save my life there yesterday. Do you know what I went through? Come and carry back by force!" She had shouted at a man who sat next to her.
After a failed attempt to interview Isibor, an INEC official who did not reveal his identity told journalists that the frightened collation officer had explained to him what the problem was.
In a skeletal explanation, the INEC official said that Isibor who was a lecturer at Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka was not the actual officer who was to return the presidential election result to the state collation center in Awka. 
"She had finished with the National Assembly elections results in Nnewi South Local Government collation centre but the people who were supposed to bring this one here were not available and so because she is a lecturer there, they asked her to bring the result," the INEC said without explaining why Isibor was being threatened.
Meanwhile, Isibor was quickly taken out of the collation hall into the nearby one storey building within the INEC headquarters premises.
SaharaReporters had earlier reported that heavy shooting rocked the Nnewi North Local Government secretariat on Sunday night when three senatorial candidates - Ifeanyi Ubah of Young Progressives Party (YPP), Chris Uba of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Chris Azubogu of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) - reportedly stormed the Nnewi North Local Government Secretariat in an attempt to scuttle and falsify election results.