According to a report by Daily Nigerian, they also allegedly planted weapons to frame the party’s key members. Operatives of the State Security Service (SSS), otherwise called the Department of State Services (DSS) have reportedly laid siege to the Kano office of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP). According to a report by Daily Nigerian, they also allegedly planted weapons to frame the party’s key members.  Reacting to the security agent’s action against the party a few days to the presidential and national assembly elections, NNPP spokesperson for the Kano State governorship candidate, Sanusi Dawakin-Tofa, in a statement on Wednesday alleged that the SSS personnel were caught on camera planting weapons in the offices of party members, allegedly to frame them.  Dawakin-Tofa stated that the siege by the secret police personnel is a product of a conspiracy involving Governor Abdullahi Ganduje’s administration and the Kano State DSS command.  Daily Nigeria quoted the NNPP spokesperson as saying, “Today, Wednesday 22nd February, 2023, three days to the general elections, men of the Department of State Security, DSS, in Kano have laid siege to the Campaign Office of the NNPP. The office of the directors of Support Groups and that of the director of Youth Mobilization were cordoned by men of the DSS. We wish to state categorically that our party will never be intimidated.  “The DSS must not cheapen itself and be misused by the discredited administration of Mr. Ganduje.  “Laying siege to our offices and threatening the safety and security of our campaign directors and campaign staff will not be accepted.  “We are horrified to note that the men of the DSS were brazenly bringing weapons from their vehicles and putting them in the offices of our directors. This was done in the presence of our campaign staff, who also recorded the incident on video. We have pictures and video evidence of this flagrant setup.  “We write to draw the attention of the Director General of the DSS to call his Command in Kano to order. Going to our offices to plant weapons with the intention of framing our campaign directors can neither change the result of the election nor can it change the mind of millions of our supporters.  “DSS must desist from intimidating, harassing and framing our members.”  Dawakin-Tofa further stated that the wife of the Director General of SSS, Aisha Bichi, once boasted that she would not allow the governorship candidate of the NNPP, Abba Yusuf, to become governor.  “We have not forgotten that a few weeks ago, the wife of the DG of DSS who incidentally is from Kano State was openly and pompously saying that ‘they will never allow the NNPP to win in Kano’. Is the siege of our offices and the attempt to plant weapons in our offices part of the plan blurted out by the wife of the DG to stop NNPP from winning?  “Let it be known that the threat made by the wife of the DSS DG and today’s evil action of condoning our offices and planting weapons are not mere coincidences. They are products of conspiracies between the Ganduje administration and the Kano DSS command.” He called on President Muhammadu Buhari, the international community and credible election observers to “beam their search light on senior security personnel operating in Kano to checkmate the evil plan against 2023 general in the state”.