The endorsement of the PDP candidate by the youths wing suggests a crack in the forum which is one of the prominent socio-cultural groups in the region. The Pan-Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) has cleared the air on the alleged rejection of the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi and endorsement of the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, by its “youth wing”. The endorsement of the PDP candidate by the youths wing suggests a crack in the forum which is one of the prominent socio-cultural groups in the region. There had been reports that the youth wing of the Forum in a statement issued after a meeting held in Bayelsa state over the weekend, rejected the endorsement of Obi by the PANDEF leadership and in turn endorsed Atiku. However, reacting to the development, PANDEF leadership in a statement on Monday dismissed the reports, saying that the youths who endorsed Atiku were “ill-advised” and acted out of “infantile musings”. The forum in the statement by spokesperson, Ken Robinson, further reiterated that its support for Obi stands and that the decision to support Obi is in line with promoting equity in the country. The statement read, “PANDEF urges the public to disregard the reported rejection of Obi’s endorsement by the so-called youths; it is borne out of infantile musings. “In the first place, PANDEF does not have ‘wings’. The forum maintains a consolidated framework at the national, state, and local government levels. “Furthermore, it is important to underscore that the said Mr. Vincent Oyibode is a serving Commissioner in the Delta State Oil Producing Areas Development Commission (DESOPADEC). “It will, therefore, suffice to conclude that the buffoonery is sponsored by Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, with the intent to deride the leadership of the Pan Niger Delta Forum, PANDEF, for not supporting his ill-fated vice-presidential ambition, but rather upholding the cherished and fundamental principles of fairness, equity, and justice. “For the avoidance of doubt, PANDEF stands by the endorsement of Peter Obi by our National Leader and elder statesman, Chief Edwin Kiagbodo Clark, and the affirmation by the Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum (SMBLF), done in Abuja, on the 2nd of February 2023. “Without equivocation, PANDEF’s endorsement of Peter Obi is sacrosanct.” According to PANDEF, while it has no personal issues against other candidates, it chose Obi because “He represents the Nigerian conscience, moral probity, generational hope, and redemption epiphany, among others, and remains the answer to the many problems confronting the country.” The Forum further explained that “It is rather most unfortunate and shameful that at a time when well-meaning Nigerians, and particularly, patriotic youths, are zealously working to enthrone a new Nigeria, some inadvisable elements are erring because of ephemeral perks,” the statement added. 