Fayose in a series of tweets on Monday added that Nigerians had moved on from the PDP and pitched their tent with Peter Obi of the Labour Party. Former Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose, has said that it is obvious that the Peoples Democratic Party’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, has lost the presidential election and he should accept defeat in maturity and retire to Dubai, the United Arab Emirates. 
Fayose in a series of tweets on Monday added that Nigerians had moved on from the PDP and pitched their tent with Peter Obi of the Labour Party. 
Although the Independent National Electoral Commission had not yet announced the winner of the presidential elections, Atiku failed to capture most of the South-East and South-South states which had been the PDP stronghold and his strength in past elections. 
Fayose wrote, “Our candidate, H.E. Atiku Abubakar (aka ‘Atiku is coming’) should accept defeat in maturity and retire peacefully to Dubai. At this juncture, may I say good night and good bye to all you represent.
“Therefore, no sense of comradeship with Obi will work. After all, they knew his potentials, yet, he was not deemed fit for the party’s ticket and he was eased out. Today, he has retired all of them.
“The present managers of the PDP need to be told that the sympathy of Nigerians is not for the party. They should stop hiding under Peter Obi's LP to pretend to have a sense of patriotism that they don't have.
“Most importantly, election is a process and those not satisfied can vent their anger in court. It is therefore time to allow Nigeria and Nigerians to move on. If you think Nigerians loves or still want PDP as alternative, by now the message should be instructive.
“Almighty’ Iyorchia Ayu, the National Chairman even lost his Ward and Local Government to another party after cashing out like a man struck and stock with poverty. As it is now, PDP turning around to cry foul has no place with Nigerians. Not at all.
“In life, they say what goes round comes round. Beyond this, does the PDP wants to win an election with a fractured party that it is now? Kwankanso, Obi, etc were driven out of the party and they claimed they can win without the G5 Governors.
“However, I cannot but berate the PDP which has no moral right to cry foul. Those handling the party obviously knew this was going to be the outcome and possibly the end of their arrogance and sense of entitlement, especially bearing in mind they were the 2015 traitors. “I commend the courage and resilience the Labour Party (LP) Presidential candidate HE. Peter Obi, for his uncommon and unprecedented outing and outcome of this election. It is not unexpected going by support he enjoys with Nigerians.” https://twitter.com/GovAyoFayose/status/1630314642684739589