The man said he had been a member of the church since 2008 and an active member since 2011. According to him, he is not interested in the heavenly race again. He described the tithes he paid to the church as an investment, adding that he needs his money back now due to the socioeconomic situation of the country. A man identified as Chukwudiaso Onyema has demanded the return of his tithe from the Dunamis Church International, a church owned by Dr. Paul Enenche. The man said he had been a member of the church since 2008 and an active member since 2011. According to him, he is not interested in the heavenly race again. He described the tithes he paid to the church as an investment, adding that he needs his money back now due to the socioeconomic situation of the country. In a video obtained by SaharaReporters, the man who clutched his tithe card, said he was hungry and suffering as his bank failed him due to the situation in Nigeria currently.  Hardship: Nigerian Man Asks @DunamisGospel Founder, Pastor Paul Enenche To Return His ‘Investments In Heaven’@DrPaulEnenche pic.twitter.com/6xAnhCREQH — Sahara Reporters (@SaharaReporters) February 9, 2023 Onyema said he calculated all the money in his tithe card and wants it back. He claimed he was told to store up treasures for himself in heaven through tithes but that he has made up his mind to go to hell instead of heaven as he originally planned. He said he has been a member of Dunamis since 2008 and have been an active member since 2011. He noted that he is not interested in the heavenly race again and that the tithe he paid was an investment and he need his money back now due to the socioeconomic situation of the country. "Hello, my name is Maazi Chukwudiaso Onyema, I want to make an appeal to the senior pastors, Dunamis International Church. "There is a lot of trouble in Nigeria right now, hunger and many more. The bank has failed me, government has failed me, where I invested my money has failed me. "I was making research in my library and I discovered that I have investment in the kingdom of God. I am not interested in the kingdom again. "I just need all my tithes, let's forget about the offerings and the gifts that I give to churches, not only in your centres, also in your branches, I don't need that. What I need is what I have proof of. These are my investments to heaven. "I have been a member of Dunamis since 2008 and have been an active member since 2011. I am not interested in the heavenly race again and that the tithe I paid was an investment and I need the money back now due to the socioeconomic situation of the country. "I don't want that heaven again. I have made up my mind to go to hell. "Please I need my money. I'm no longer interested in heaven." "I am not a trouble maker but I need this money now. I was brainwashed to pay all the money, I was not with my senses then, but now that I’m with my senses, I need this money and I will be grateful," he added.