The suspects were former top officials of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC (now Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited). A Federal High Court in Abuja has sentenced the duo of Victor Briggs and Abiye Membere to two years imprisonment for “unethically collecting car gifts as public officials.” The suspects were former top officials of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC (now Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited).  According to the statement posted on the EFCC Twitter handle, the convicts were prosecuted for conspiracy in inducing the Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC) to facilitate the lifting of crude by Olajide Omokore, Atlantic Energy Brass Development Limited and Atlantic Energy Drilling Concept Limited; and receiving car gifts from Omokore and his companies  Justice Nnamdi Digmba said the offence contravenes Section 98 of the Criminal Code Act and convicted the duo on Tuesday, while the court reserved sentencing till Wednesday.  "When the matter resumed, the convicts through their counsel, prayed the court to temper justice with mercy, while O. A. Atolagbe who held the brief of the lead prosecution counsel, Rotimi Jacobs, SAN, urged the court to impose a custodial sentence on the defendants. "Justice Dimgba sentenced the convicts to two years imprisonment with an option of Two Million Naira fine each, to be paid immediately to the Federal government," the statement added. One of the charge reads: “That you, OLAJIDE JONES OMOKORE, ATLANTIC ENERGY BRASS DEVELOPMENT LTD, ATLANTIC ENERGY DRILLING CONCEPT LTD and KOLAWOLE AKANNI ALUKO (now at large) between May 2013 and March 2014 within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court obtained by false pretense and with intent to defraud, 7,551,867 barrels of crude oil (Brass blend) valued at the sum of $823,75,189.95 (Eight Hundred and Twenty Three Million, Seventy-Five Thousand, One Hundred and Eighty-Nine US Dollars and Ninety-Five Cents) from Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC), Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and the Federal Government of Nigeria on the false pretence that you had funds (both local and foreign) necessary to support the Nigerian Petroleum Development Company Limited in petroleum operation for the OML 60,61, 62 and 63 and you thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 1(a) of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Fraud Related Offences Act Cap. A6, 2010, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria and punishable under Section 1(3) of the same Act.”