An ad-hoc staff member of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) at the Delta South Senatorial District collation centre in Oleh, headquarters of Isoko South Local Government Area, told SaharaReporters that Governor Okowa was unhappy about the results of the presidential election in Alleged plans by Delta state governor and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) vice-presidential candidate in the 2023 general elections, Ifeanyi Okowa, to manipulate the results of the concluded elections in Delta South senatorial district of the state have been uncovered, SaharaReporters has gathered. An ad-hoc staff member of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) at the Delta South Senatorial District collation centre in Oleh, headquarters of Isoko South Local Government Area, told SaharaReporters that Governor Okowa was unhappy about the results of the presidential election in Isoko area of the state. Okowa’s political ally and former chairman of Delta State Oil Producing Areas Commission (DESOPADEC), Michael Diden, popularly known as Ejele, is the Delta South PDP senatorial candidate in the National Assembly election. The ad-hoc staff member who spoke on condition of anonymity, on Saturday, said, "As I talk to you now, the governor has instructed a former sports commissioner and a former council chairman and serving House of Assembly member from Isoko South constituency to move into the collation centre and make sure the collation centre is disrupted to lead to the cancellation of the results, especially those of Isoko south council area.   "Please I am only an ad-hoc staff and my money has not been paid so please don't mention my name. The truth is that Okowa's party, PDP did not do well in the presidential and National Assembly elections in Isoko nation and he's not happy about the unexpected development. “The pressure is very high to penetrate the system by these governor's men. The lawmaker has just left the centre now and we hope he does not mobilise back again. In fact, if their first plan to bribe their way through fails, plan B is to instigate riot or protest, just anything that can lead to the cancellation of the results. But the presence of security agents here at the centre is high. "Opposition parties really won so many units across Isoko nation and the results so far favour the opposition parties against the PDP. It has been hectic this evening, a son to a former chairman of Isoko South council whose father is a chairman of an interventionist board in the state has been causing serious nuisance and threatening brimstone and fire in the collation centre. “He insisted that the results of the Isoko federal constituency election must be cancelled. His father’s party, the PDP was floored in so many units. My fear is that the results must not be cancelled to avoid any form of bloody protest at the end of the day,” the source said.   Meanwhile, three ad-hoc staff members of INEC in Warri South Local Government Area of Delta state are said to have been held hostage at Oki street, Okere road, Ward 4 unit 19 after the Bimodal Voters Accreditation System (BVAS) machine brought for the presidential and National Assembly elections in the area crashed. SaharaReporters gathered that the three ad-hoc staff members who arrived at the polling units very late on Sunday to commence the postponed election around 2:30 pm were held hostage by angry voters waiting endlessly to cast their votes till the evening when some journalists came to the scene.  