Ekpa, who claimed to be fighting for the actualisation of the Biafran Nation, declared what he tagged “Lockdown and Curfew in Biafraland”. Nigerians on Twitter have unleashed an attack on Simon Ekpa, the self-acclaimed disciple of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, for declaring total lockdown in the South-East region of the country during the forthcoming 2023 general elections.  Ekpa, who claimed to be fighting for the actualisation of the Biafran Nation, declared what he tagged “Lockdown and Curfew in Biafraland” from February 23 to 28, 2023 to disrupt the February 25th presidential and National Assembly elections in the region, vowing that there would be no election in the South-East.  But reacting to the order he posted on his Twitter page, Nigerians described Ekpa as a “useless man” who is using miscreants to destroy the South-East region from a distant foreign country of Finland.  In his reaction, @nathan_oji said, “I wish I was in the East this period, let me see the bulletproof idiot that will stop me from voting. If anyone allows this nonsense stop them from coming out to vote then they never intended to vote. This is a very stupid order and will never stand. Come to Nigeria and implement it.”  Also enraged over Ekpa’s order, @OChinodebem said, “Ewu Gambia (Gambian goat), ewu Hausa (Hausa goat), ewu Igbo (Igbo goat). Oga better stop all these nonsense.”  Assuring that Ekpa’s order would not be obeyed, @FranklynGaga said, “During governorship election in Anambra, there was lockdown but people defied that order and trooped out to vote for Soludo, same thing will happen this time.”  Similarly, @systemda93 said, “We shall know who owns the East; Ndi Igbo, or Ekpa, but one thing I can assure you is that we're going to vote and we're going to vote massively!!!”  Another angry Nigerian, @country_boy0927 who noted that Ekpa has never done anything reasonable said, “You’ve never done something tangible. Only to declare ineffective sit at home and illegal fundraising.”  @deejayteki pointed out that the order is of no importance to the people of the South-East, saying, “Let me understand something, Hause, Fulani, Yoruba, The whole Niger/Delta, Igala, Ebira, Idoma and every other tribe in Nigeria would vote but there would be lockdown/sit at home in igbo (South East) land? How does this help our cause? I have more questions when U reply.”  For @oliseh_chris “This is a big disgrace to Ndi Igbo. Imagine the nonsense.” And another angry Nigerian, @Iikechukwu2 rained abuses on Ekpa saying, “EFULEFU (useless or prodigal) no one is seating at home if them born you well put body that day na wotowoto you go collect Ekperima go back home and fight, runaway soldier. Onye eriri eri (loser).”  @SinoSmart asked Ekpa to return home and fight if he is truly fighting for Biafra freedom. “Bro we are voting no one is sitting at home. Come home, let's fight together and stop instigating violence all the time. We will vote.”  While @KEVAINO described Ekpa as “SATAN OF FINLAND" has spoken! ENEMY of #Biafrans.”  The Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Gen. Lucky Irabor, had reassured Nigerians that the general elections would hold peacefully in the South-East states and in all parts of the country in spite of threats by criminal elements, saying that no person or group can stop the polls.  The military boss had said that “The armed forces are working in concert with the Police and other security agencies to ensure that the menace of criminalities from IPOB and Eastern Security Network are eliminated.”    