The five governors otherwise known as G-5, are; Nyesom Wike of Rivers, Seyi Makinde (Oyo), Samuel Ortom (Benue), Okezie Ikpeazu (Abia) and Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu). The five, aggrieved governors of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), led by Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, failed to name their preferred presidential candidate in January as promised. The five governors otherwise known as G-5, are; Nyesom Wike of Rivers, Seyi Makinde (Oyo), Samuel Ortom (Benue), Okezie Ikpeazu (Abia) and Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu). SaharaReporters had reported that the “rebel” governors had expressed readiness to support a candidate from the Southern part of the country, believing that a Southerner should succeed President Muhammadu Buhari, a Northerner, who would have spent eight years in office by 2023.   They had accused the leadership of the party, especially the chairman of the party, senator Iyorchia Ayu of manipulating the presidential primary in favour of the former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, another Northern and a Fulani to succeed a Fulani Northern in 2023. Since the presidential primary of the PDP, there has been a crisis in the party over calls for Ayu to step down from his position for a Southern from South West to replace him. The governors are insisting that the PDP presidential candidate and national chairman cannot be from the same region. The governors had held a series of meetings with the candidate of the ruling APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu and that of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi.  In December, they met with Tinubu in London, although, Wike had dismissed the report as fake news. Wike, who leads the group, had on December 22, said they would name their preferred candidate in January. But up till Wednesday, morning, February 1, 2023, he had yet to do so. Speaking, while commissioning a project in Port Harcourt, Wike had assured that he would not only tell his people who to vote for but would campaign for his choice of the presidential candidate throughout the country. “Nothing will happen.” While Wike was not seeking any elective position in the general elections, Makinde is seeking a second term; Ortom, Ikpeazu and Ugwuanyi are all contesting for senatorial seats. SaharaReporters had reported that why three of G-5 Governors were backing Peter Obi of the Labour Party for Presidency, while two others had soft spot for Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Bola Tinubu, Atiku Abubakar and Rabiu Kwankwaso are the presidential candidates of the All Progressives Congress, Peoples Democratic Party and New Nigeria Peoples Party respectively. As permutation and intrigues continued, the governors might at the end not endorse any of the presidential candidates publicly, for the safety of their political future. 