The protesters who were seen on the street on Wednesday morning were demanding for the government’s intervention in the issue that has been prolonged for months without a proper solution. Some residents of Auchi town, a part of Etsako West Local Government Area of Edo State, have stormed the major streets of the town to protest the lingering scarcity and hike in prices of petrol nationwide. The protesters who were seen on the street on Wednesday morning were demanding for the government’s intervention in the issue that has been prolonged for months without a proper solution. In videos seen by SaharaReporters, the residents called on the government to intervene in the fuel scarcity crisis and alleviate the sufferings of the Nigerian masses. WATCH: Auchi Residents Protest Fuel Scarcity, Petrol Pump Price In Edo State pic.twitter.com/wniW9s9VeL — Sahara Reporters (@SaharaReporters) February 1, 2023 SaharaReporters had earlier reported today that the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) also cautioned that the continued scarcity of fuel across the country could hamper Election Day logistics. While the Nigerian National Petroleum Company, NNPC, Limited assured the electoral commission of an adequate supply of fuel during the election, the three major presidential candidates also expressed hope that the scarcity would be resolved before the polls. Speaking at a consultative meeting with officials of the National Union of Road Transport Workers, NURTW, INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, had said the meeting was to put finishing touches to the implementation of the Memorandum of Understanding, MoU, signed between the commission and the union on December 20, 2022. He noted that the issue of logistics had been a perennial problem in election administration in Nigeria. He said, “The commission shares your concern about the fuel situation in the country and its impact on transportation on election day. The truth is that our arrangements may be negatively affected by the non-availability of products. “For this reason, the commission will this afternoon (yesterday) meet with the Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited, NNPCL, to look into ways to ameliorate the situation. “I wish to assure Nigerians that we will continue to engage every national institution for the success of the 2023 general election.” 