The prosecution claims the procedure was not legal as the donor was a street trader from Lagos who was not motivated by altruism and had no family connection with the 25-year-old recipient. United Kingdom prosecutor, Hugh Davies has told the court how Evelyn "Ebere" Agbasonu allegedly asked for £1,500 to help secure Sonia Ekweremadu's £80,000 private kidney transplant at the Royal Free Hospital in February 2022, Sky News has reported.  Sonia is the daughter of a former Nigerian Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, who alongside his wife, Beatrice is standing trial in the UK for alleged organ harvesting.  Ms Agbasonu was a member of staff at the hospital in Hampstead where she worked as a medical secretary.  The prosecution claims the procedure was not legal as the donor was a street trader from Lagos who was not motivated by altruism and had no family connection with the 25-year-old recipient.  The Old Bailey has been told it was a "transactional" deal, with the 21-year-old man to be paid up to £7,000 for the harvesting of his body part and the promise of opportunities in the UK.  Ekweremadu who represents Enugu West Senatorial District on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and his wife, Beatrice were arrested on June 23, 2022, in London and charged with conspiracy for human trafficking and organ harvesting.  According to the UK court, Ekweremadu’s alleged crime is in violation of the Modern Slavery Act 2015.  They, alongside their daughter and the "middleman" Dr Obinna Obeta have been on trial for the alleged crime.  Jurors claimed that Ms Agbasonu stepped in to interpret Igbo during an initial meeting between Dr Peter Dupont and the Nigerian donor on February 24.  The consultant had determined that the young man, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, was not a suitable candidate and appeared relieved that the transplant would not take place.  Prosecutor Hugh Davies KC described it as "somewhat extraordinary" that Ms Agbasonu appeared to agree to manipulate a second meeting to help the Ekweremadu family, based on messages from others.  Mr Ekweremadu's medically trained brother Diwe allegedly sent Sonia Ekweremadu interpreter advice to demonstrate a clear family connection with the donor.  "Ebere said it would be easier to establish that his mum and your mum are sisters. If we stretch it to the grandmum and grandmum the relationship will be too distant," he was accused of saying.  Ms Ekweremadu allegedly replied: "OK, that's fine."  Diwe then allegedly laid out the financial agreement to her father, saying: "I've met the Igbo interpreter. She agreed to work with us.  "She will be involved in coaching the boy, and during his consultation and interviews she will be providing the relevant interpretation.  "She insisted that I give her £1,500. I think they just position themselves to exploit people."  He allegedly continued: "We had a meeting today with her so I've introduced her to Chinoso [Sonia] and [the donor].”  Also, a man who was at the court during the trial said, “You could see the reaction of some of the defendants as the record of their phone and date of conversation were read out in court, denoting questions for payment, question for transportation, question for accommodation and such things as feeding.  “The thing about coup case in the UK is unlike coup case in Nigeria. It cannot be abandoned for technicality,” he said in a video obtained by SaharaReporters.