Falana urged the government of the Kingdom of Eswatini to “promptly and thoroughly investigate this brutal killing, and prosecute the perpetrators without delay”. Human rights lawyer, Femi Falana (SAN), has urged the Eswatini Government to investigate the killing of human rights advocate, Thulani Maseko in the country. Ms. Mary Lawlor, Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights Defenders; Mr. Morris Tidball-Binz, Special Rapporteur on Extrajudicial, Summary, or Arbitrary Executions; and Ms. Margaret Satterthwaite, Special Rapporteur on the Independence of Judges and Lawyers, all made similar calls. Mr. Clément Nyaletsossi Voule, Special Rapporteur on freedom of peaceful assembly; Hon. Rémy Ngoy Lumbu, Special Rapporteur of the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights on the Rights of Human Rights Defenders; the African Union Commission; and the SADC have also condemned the murder. In a statement issued on Thursday by Tayo Soyemi of Falana and Falana Chambers on behalf of his principal, Falana urged the government of the Kingdom of Eswatini to “promptly and thoroughly investigate this brutal killing, and prosecute the perpetrators without delay”. “The government must end persecution of lawyers and human rights defenders and end the impunity of perpetrators for these crimes in the country,” it also said. According to the Senior Advocate of Nigeria, “the Kingdom of Eswatini is known for persistent violations of human rights and repression of human rights lawyers and defenders. This assassination shows the appalling human rights record of the government.” He further said, “The government has criminalized the work of human rights lawyers and defenders to promote and protect human rights and democracy in the country. The international community must hold the government to account for the assignation of Maseko to prevent further repression of human rights in the country. “Maseko was a member of Lawyers for Human Rights Swaziland and Chairperson of the Multi-Stakeholder Forum, a coalition calling for constitutional reform in Eswatini. He was shot dead at his home by unknown assailants on the night of 21 January 2023. “His assassination occurred on the same day the King of Eswatini made a veiled threat against members of the country's pro-democracy movement. “The government has a legal obligation to promote and protect the human rights of everyone including the rights of those working to defend the rights of other people in the country. The government must now publicly guarantee and ensure the safety of all human rights lawyers and defenders in Eswatini. “According to UN and AU human rights experts, Maseko may have been directly targeted in retaliation for his work as a human rights lawyer and advocate for democracy. “International legal action would be pursued if the government fails to promptly, thoroughly, and effectively investigate the killing, ensure prosecution of the perpetrators(s) and access to justice and effective remedies for the victim and his family.”