The Supreme Court last Wednesday adjourned to February 22, 2023, the case of the suit filed by Kaduna, Kogi and Zamfara state governments challenging the Central Bank of Nigeria’s naira redesign policy. A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Ebun-Olu Adegboruwa, has described President Muhammadu Buhari’s Thursday national broadcast where he announced the extension of the validity of only old N200 notes for 60 days as a brazen disregard and contempt of the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court last Wednesday adjourned to February 22, 2023, the case of the suit filed by Kaduna, Kogi and Zamfara state governments challenging the Central Bank of Nigeria’s naira redesign policy. SaharaReporters earlier reported that President Buhari during a national broadcast on Thursday approved the continued use of old N200 notes as legal tender till April 10, meaning that the deadline for the old N500 and N1,000 notes remains February 10, 2023, despite the Supreme Court ruling temporarily suspending the deadline. Reacting to President Buhari’s broadcast, Adegboruwa said that the President cannot overrule the Supreme Court of Nigeria because there is a separation of powers in a democracy.   According to the Senior Advocate, under section 235 of the 1999 Constitution, the Supreme Court is the final authority in legal pronouncements in Nigeria, and under section 287(1) of the Constitution, the President is statutorily obliged to obey, enforce and give effect to the decision of the Supreme Court.  He further explained that Section 287(1) of the 1999 Constitution provided that “(1) The decisions of the Supreme court shall be enforced in any part of the Federation by all authorities and persons, and by courts with subordinate jurisdiction to that of the Supreme Court.”  The senior lawyer said, “The broadcast of the president is sad for our democracy. Since he already admitted that the matter is subjudice, the President should not have proceeded to vary the order of the Supreme Court.  “The president and indeed the executive should not give the impression that citizens can brazenly disregard lawful orders of any court, as that will only encourage anarchy and lawlessness.  “It amounts to executive rascality and brazen disregard and contempt of the Supreme Court, for the President to separate the denomination of the old notes for legality. It is not open to the President to choose which portion of the order of the Supreme Court that will be obeyed.  “The President should reverse his directive and add the N500 and N1000 old notes, failing which the Supreme Court should overrule the directive of the President on February 22 when the case comes up.”