According to a letter written on Friday by the group's Executive Director, Okechukwu Nwanguma to the Assistant Inspector General of Police, Moses was arrested on January 4, 2023, by operatives from the Zone 2 Police Headquarters, Onikan Lagos, handcuffed and taken to Zone 2, where he has been detained without charge or trial since then. A civic organisation, the Rule of Law and Accountability Advocacy Centre (RULAAC), has demanded the immediate release of a Lagos State resident, Moses Oloyede, after spending over 30 days in police detention without trial before a court of law. According to a letter written on Friday by the group's Executive Director, Okechukwu Nwanguma to the Assistant Inspector General of Police, Moses was arrested on January 4, 2023, by operatives from the Zone 2 Police Headquarters, Onikan Lagos, handcuffed and taken to Zone 2, where he has been detained without charge or trial since then. He has been in police custody for one month and six days as of Friday. The group also urged the AIG to launch an investigation into the actions of the police teams responsible for the arrest of Moses and his father in his place, as well as Moses' continued detention. “Moses Oloyede, was arrested on January 4, 2023 by operatives from the ZIII Department of Zone 2 Police Headquarters, Onikan Lagos handcuffed and taken to Zone 2 where he has since then been detained without charge or trial. As at date, he has spent 1 month and 6 days in police custody. “That Moses is a Prophet of the Cherubim and Seraphim Church who runs a Christian fellowship at Igando, and one Owolabi, a car dealer, is a member of his fellowship. That sometime in October 2022, the said Owolabi was reported by his family members to have disappeared on the same day a man based in the US who gave him three cars to dispose for him was to come to his car stand to collect his money for the 3 cars after he returned to Nigeria. “That on the 23rd of October 2022, two members of Owolabi’s family lodged a report at Igando Police Station alleging that Owolabi had been kidnapped and accused Moses of having a hand in his kidnap or disappearance because Owolabi is a member of his Fellowship. “That based on the complaint by Owolabi’s family members, operatives from Igando Police Station arrested Moses and took him to the station, accompanied by his father. That Moses, in his statement during interrogation, narrated what he knew about Owolabi and the transaction with the US based man, which was that, Owolabi is a car dealer and attends his fellowship. Someone based in the US gave Owolabi 3 cars to sell for him and the person had returned to Nigeria in October and asked for his money or the proceeds of the sell from Owolabi. On the day the man said he would come to collect the money or the car from Owolabi- which was on the 20/10/22, Owolabi disappeared and till date has not been seen. “That after investigation, the Police at Igando released Moses because they could not find evidence linking him with the disappearance or alleged kidnapping of Owolabi. His father took him on bail at Igando and he was asked to report at the station on the third day. “That shortly after he went home after reporting at Igando Police Division on 3rd day after he was granted bail, Police men from Zone 2 Monitoring Unit came and arrested him again and took him to Zone 2. His father went to Zone 2 on the 2nd day after his arrest and he was also asked to take him on bail. His IPO was simply identified at the station as Ash. “That members of Owolabi family wrote yet another petition against Moses prompting his 3rd arrest, this time, by operatives from t the CP Special Squad, Lagos State Police Command which called for the case file from Igando “That he went with his son and he made statement. It was on a Friday and his son was detained for alleged kidnapping and was released on bail on the 5th day. His IPO was one Inspr. Opa “That on the 16th of December, another police team from ZIII Department, Zone 2 came to arrest his son, Moses and his absence, they arrested him (his father), took him to Zone 2 and detained him. They told him they arrested him because they did not find his son. His IPO is Inspector Henry. “That he was arrested on a Friday and was detained till the next Monday before the AIG Zone 2 got information about his detention in lieu of his son and ordered his release and also ordered a ride hat drove him home that night at about 8.45 pm. “That the AIG asked to see him the next day (Tuesday) before then he would have found out what transpired. That on his arrival the next day, he met Owolabi family members in the AIG’s office, and after they were interviewed, the AIG handed the parties overt to the Assistant Commissioner (AC) in charge of the the department. The AC asked him to get a surety to take him on bail and his in-law stood for him. “That on January 4, 2023 his son, Moses was arrested for the 4th time and handcuffed by operatives from the same ZIII department, Zone 2 and taken to the station where he has been detained since then, a period of 1 month and 6 days as at date. “That he and other family members have been going to Zone 2 on a daily basis in a bid to get his son on bail, to no avail; yet the police have not presented any credible evidence based on which they have continued to detain him, changing stories as to why they have continued to detain him. “That they have information that the same Owolabi whose family members claim was kidnapped has been in telephone conversations with some of his business partners some of whom are also members of the Moses’ Fellowship; some of them have been interrogated by the police and they admitted that they have had communication with Owolabi.” 