The Nigeria Police Force early in February charged Adamu before a High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, over alleged falsification of academic certificate. A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja has ordered the arrest of the All Progressives Congress candidate for Edu/Moro/Patigi Federal Constituency in Kwara State, in the forthcoming general elections, Alhaji Saba Ahmed Adamu, for alleged forgery.  The Nigeria Police Force early in February charged Adamu before a High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, over alleged falsification of academic certificate.  The police in five counts brought against the APC candidate said he presented a forged Bachelor of Science certificate in Economics from the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Kaduna State.  According to Penal Code Law, any person who forges any document, writing, or seal, is guilty of an offence punishable by imprisonment up to 14 years in each of the count charges.  According to the charge, signed by Mr. F. Gabriel, the APC candidate was also said to have used the forged certificate to secure mobilisation for the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, contrary to Sections 363 of Penal Code Act.  The charge preferred against Saba Ahmed Adamu in the suit marked CR/97/2022, for offences include – Forgery when he fraudulently presented a forged B. Sc. certificate in Economics purported to emanate from Ahmadu Bello University Zaria with Registration No. U97EC1017 in Social Sciences (Business School) to NYSC for mobilisation into the Service Scheme, wherein he was mobilised to Kano State for one-year mandatory national service, knowing same to be fake, thereby he committed an offence contrary to Section 364 of Penal Code Act;  When the case came up for hearing on February 14, Saba and his surety was absent in the court.  Justice A. O. Otaluka however told Francis Gabriel, the prosecution counsel to ensure that Saba and his surety are present on March 27 when the court sits on the matter again.  Gabriel told the court that the politician had been on the run since he was granted bail.  