President Muhammadu Buhari has been a generous dictator for most of his eight-year rule. As a benevolent dictator, he has been gracious enough to convene an emergency meeting of the Council of State for today to discuss issues of gasoline and naira scarcity and insecurity.  Your Excellency, as the maximum leader, you don’t have to meet with anybody before you take any decision that you deem fit. As a dictator, you have used your prerogative to place your family, friends, and other Fulanis in lucrative governmental positions. As a dictator, you mowed down the #EndSARS protesters at the Lekki Toll Gate. You incarcerated El-Zakzaky the Shiite leader and wife. You killed seven of his eight children. Omoyele Sowore, perhaps your harshest critic, was not spared of your brutality. He was detained several times. As I write, he can’t travel out of Nigeria to see his wife and children in the US. Other critics suffered the same fate. You clamped down on critics by arresting and jailing them for exercising their freedom of speech, association, and right to assemble. You have used your autocratic powers to exonerate your corrupt friends, associates, and allies and to harass and intimidate your critics and opponents. You have openly and fiercely defended Boko Haram terrorists and Fulani terrorists. Your program of ethnic cleansing is still ongoing. We are lucky to have you as president!  To the rebellious Nigerians demonstrating against gasoline and naira scarcity, food shortage, insecurity, and other maladies going on in Nigeria, what’s your problem? Why do you hate Buhari so much? Why do you want him dead? Only ingrates like you will turn their backs on Buhari. What do you want from Buhari? What has Buhari not done for you? Because of you, Buhari has no bank account, no house, no property of any kind except five cows he inherited from Usman Dan Fodio. For your comfort, Buhari sacrificed everything. For your happiness, Buhari endured so much. He has suffered a lot. Just leave the poor man alone!  Your Excellency, you don’t have to answer these nincompoops. They don’t understand the word loyalty. The language they understand is force. You don’t have to lose any sleep over these ingrates. They can usually and always be kept under control by your secret police the SSS and the dedicated military your death squad. Lest you forget, “Power comes from the barrel of a gun.” As the Dictator of Aso Rock, no dictator can beat you in the game of suppressing and oppressing his own people. For eight years, you have been able to keep Nigerians in line by creating uncertainty and fear, hunger and hopelessness. If they refused to fear you this time, death will be your solution.  It is through executions and imprisonments of these spoiled brats, aka demonstrators, you can have peace. This is an opportunity for you to write or re-write your legacy in blood. Just like you tamed the wild youths at Lekki Toll Gate by killing them, kill all these ingrates masquerading as protesters. Don’t waste your precious time at the meeting of the Council of States. Get rid of the rebellious bastards!    bjoluwasanmi@gmail.com 