SaharaReporters reported in December 2022 that the Nigeria's lower legislative chamber constituted an ad hoc committee to investigate a whistle-blower’s allegation of illegal sale of 48 million barrels of Nigeria’s Bonny Light crude in China in 2015 and the insurance status of the cargo. The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami, has the answers on the reportedly missing $2.4 billion crude oil, the Nigeria Police Force authorities have told the ad hoc committee of the House of Representatives.  SaharaReporters reported in December 2022 that the Nigeria's lower legislative chamber constituted an ad hoc committee to investigate a whistle-blower’s allegation of illegal sale of 48 million barrels of Nigeria’s Bonny Light crude in China in 2015 and the insurance status of the cargo. The committee was also tasked to investigate all crude oil exports and sales by Nigeria from 2014 to date, with regards to quantity, insurance, revenue generated; remittances into the Federation Account or other accounts as well as utilisation of the revenue for the period under review. In addition, the panel will investigate all proceeds recovered through the Whistle-Blowers Policy of the regime led by President Muhammadu Buhari and the level of compliance by the policy. The committee is to report back within four weeks for further legislative action. These resolutions followed the unanimous adoption of a motion moved by a member of the House, Ibrahim Isiaka, titled, “Alleged Loss of over $2.4 Billion in Revenue from Illegal Sale of 48 Million Barrels of Crude Oil Export in 2015, Including Crude Oil Exports from 2014 till Date.”  However, appearing before the committee on Thursday, Garba Baba Umar, an assistant inspector-general of police (AIG) and head of Interpol, said the AGF’s office has sufficient information because it haD filed cases in court on the matter, TheCable reports.  Umar according to the report said 40 people including some foreign nationals have charges preferred against them by the AGF’s office.  The AIG was quoted to have said, “It is pertinent to state that sometime in 2015, the NPF received a petition from the attorney-general of the federation’s office to investigate the activities of some Nigerian and foreign nationals involved in blackmail and extortion of government functionaries, using forged documents to gain access to public institutions and carry out fraudulent activities.  “The investigation was concluded wherein a prima facie case of conspiracy, blackmail, and extortion of government functionaries, using forged documents to gain access to public institutions and fraud was established against them and the said charge mentioned in your letter was filed by the office of the honourable attorney-general of the federation and minister of justice.  “The suspects were arraigned for the said offences and granted bail pending the determination of the charge.  “However, it is observed that they were arraigned by the EFCC in other offences and were in detention thereby stalling the continuation in this trial for some time.  “At the resumption of trial, it is discovered that some of them have absconded into other countries while those in Nigeria are needed to appear in court for their trial, hence the invitation which they forwarded to your committee for help.”  Earlier, Mark Gbillah, chairman of the committee, lamented that Interpol invited two whistleblowers who gave information about the matter. The committee accused Malami as well as Interpol, on what it described as interference in the committee’s investigation. It questioned why a whistleblower would be invited by Interpol on the request of the Ministry of Justice just after the commencement of the investigation of the House. The committee chairman, however, asked the clerk of the committee to write to the AGF demanding all necessary documents that would aid the investigation of the committee.