This was stated in a communiqué released on Friday at the conclusion of the first 2023 Executive Committee Meeting of the South-East Council of Traditional Rulers (SECTR) at the Old Eastern Nigeria House of Chiefs in Enugu State. The South-East Council of Traditional Rulers has urged all South-East residents to disregard any sit-at-home order and vote in large numbers for their preferred candidates. This was stated in a communiqué released on Friday at the conclusion of the first 2023 Executive Committee Meeting of the South-East Council of Traditional Rulers (SECTR) at the Old Eastern Nigeria House of Chiefs in Enugu State. According to the communiqué, the meeting discussed the role of traditional institutions in ensuring people's peace and security. The communique stated: “First, the Royal Fathers called on the people of the South-East to go out en masse to vote for their preferred candidates during the elections and to ignore any order for sit-at-home. “Second, the Council appealed to the security agencies to create a conducive and safe environment for the General Elections; while calling on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to act professionally and patriotically. “Third, the killings and destruction of property in South-Eastern region and across the country are condemned in strong terms by the council. “Fourth, the Council called on all Traditional Rulers to take control of their various domains during the upcoming elections for peaceful, free and credible elections to take place.” Igwe Lawrence Agubuzu, Chairman of the South-East Council of Traditional Rulers and Chairman of the Enugu State Council of Traditional Rulers, as well as Igwe Alfred Achebe, Obi of Onitsha and Chairman of the Anambra State Council of Traditional Rulers, signed the communiqué. Eze Joseph Nwabeke, Ezeamara of Eziama Ntigha and Chairman of the Abia State Council of Traditional Rulers, also signed. The meeting was attended by the revered Royal Fathers and other members of the Executive Committee of the council.  