Prior to leaving Abuja for Katsina on Thursday, Buhari convened a Security Council Meeting, where he met with heads of security agencies to brief them on the importance of protecting voters and ensuring smooth elections. President Muhammadu Buhari has arrived in Katsina State, from where he will travel to Daura, his hometown, ahead of the presidential and National Assembly elections on Saturday.
Buhari landed at Katsina's Umaru Musa Yar' Adua Airport at 4:40pm.
He will vote in Daura later on Saturday. Prior to leaving Abuja for Katsina on Thursday, Buhari convened a Security Council Meeting, where he met with heads of security agencies to brief them on the importance of protecting voters and ensuring smooth elections. Buhari also met with the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, in Abuja and urged him to ensure that the elections were free, fair, and credible.
He was also present on Wednesday at the International Conference Centre Abuja, where candidates for the 2023 presidential election signed a peace accord. At the event, Buhari urged all candidates running in the elections to accept the results as the choice of the electorates.
In the run-up to the elections, Buhari, who is serving his final term as President, repeatedly stated that he would leave a credible and transparent electoral process. The President signed the Electoral Act Amendment Bill into law in February 2022.
He had signed the amended Act after reviewing sections of the Bill that he did not agree with, particularly the methods of electing candidates in primary elections. Buhari was elected President in 2015, defeating his predecessor, Goodluck Jonathan, in a keenly contested election. He rode to power on the platform of the All Progressive Congress (APC), a party that got its formation in February 2013 from a merger agreement between the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN), the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC), and the All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP) along with a breakaway faction of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA).
Buhari is expected to hand over the baton of leadership to his successor on May 29th 2023.