The presidential election is fixed for February 25 while state governors will be elected on March 11. The UK government has expressed worry over the likelihood of post-election violence in Nigeria and threatened to deny visas to politicians linked to the violence. The presidential election is fixed for February 25 while state governors will be elected on March 11. Catriona Laing, the British High Commissioner to Nigeria, told NAN on Thursday in Abuja that the UK government was concerned about potential post-election violence despite assurances from the Nigeria Police Force. The diplomatic officer said, “If it is brought to our attention, of where and where directly, that they are people inciting violence, moving hate speeches, or conducting violent acts, we will use our visa policies to restrict such individual’s ability to enter the UK.  “Another thing we are worried about is post-election violence. As we saw in the past, I cannot remember the year, if any one of the party’s supporters feels this election is stolen, my candidate should have won, there is a risk of violence.” Following her meetings with the Independent National Electoral Commission, Ms Laing claims that the UK government is confident in the process (INEC). However, the UK envoy expressed the UK government's concern about voter suppression in an appeal to political parties and candidates to oppose any form of voter suppression. She said, “The security forces, from my discussions with the IGP and others, are also committed to play the impartial role they need to play. We will be watching this closely, and it is very important that these elections take place on time. “It is very important for Nigeria’s democracy that the people respect the result because that is the hallmark of democracy, somebody wins, somebody loses. “And if you feel for any reason the election in your area was not credible, transparent, there is a process, and that is the court. What will be tragic for Nigeria on this crucial democratic journey where you have been making great strides is if there is a repeat of the 2011 widespread post-election violence.”