The presidency in a statement issued by Garba Shehu said Buhari will Thursday (today) depart Abuja for Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. President Muhammadu Buhari is expected to attend the 36th ordinary session of the assembly of the African Union (AU).  The presidency in a statement issued by Garba Shehu said Buhari will Thursday (today) depart Abuja for Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.  The theme of the AU Summit is “Acceleration of the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) Implementation.”  The president is also expected to take part in three high-level meetings on peace and security, climate change and the political situation in some West African countries.  The statement read, “President Muhammadu Buhari will on Thursday depart Abuja for Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to participate in the 36th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of the African Union (AU).  “First is the Peace and Security Council (PSC) meeting of Heads of State and Government on the situation in the Eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (AUPSC High Level AU), to be chaired by the President of South Africa, in his capacity as the Chair of the Council for the month of February.  “Second is the meeting of the Committee of the Heads of State and Government on Climate Change (CAHOSCC), currently chaired by the President of Niger Republic.  “On the margins of the annual meetings of the AU, President Buhari will also attend an extraordinary summit of the Authority of Heads of State and Government of ECOWAS.  “The Nigerian leader will deliver remarks at these events as well as present his National Statement at the opening session of the Summit, which brings together leaders from the AU member countries as well as a number of non-AU countries and international institutions accredited to the AU in Addis Ababa.  “President Buhari will be accompanied on the trip by some Ministers and other top government officials.”  He will return to Abuja on Monday, February 20.  The Nigerian President has been junketing across the world since he got into office. Buhari’s latest trip comes at a time Nigerians are groaning under the scarcity of Naira notes and the increase in the price of premium motor spirit (PMS), otherwise called petrol which has caused long queues at filling stations across the nation.  For days, Nigerians have been battling with the scarcity of naira notes, a development that has led to long queues at banking halls, and automated teller machine (ATM) galleries across the country.  The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) had given a deadline of January 31 for the use of old naira notes but it was extended to February 10.  On February 8, the supreme court temporarily restrained the Nigerian government from banning the use of the old naira notes from February 10, 2023, pending the hearing of the matter on February 15.  Despite the court’s order, the Central Bank Governor, Godwin Emefiele insisted on the deadline.  On Wednesday, the apex court adjourned the hearing of the case brought against the CBN on the policy to Wednesday, February 22. Meanwhile, the stance of the CBN has triggered confusion as filling stations, supermarkets, and other business owners have continued to reject the old naira notes.  Amid the currency crisis, there has been a steady increase in the price of premium motor spirit (PMS) which has caused long queues at filling stations across the nation. But Buhari on Thursday morning approved the continued use of old N200 notes as legal tender till April 10, extending the deadline for the note by 60 days.  That means the deadline for the old N500 and N1,000 notes remains February 10, 2023, despite the Supreme Court ruling temporarily suspending the deadline.  The old N200 notes will be used alongside the new N500 and N1,000 notes and other notes that were not changed. 