The Department of State Services (DSS) meanwhile said it had intensified its investigations in order to arrest and prosecute Emefiele, on allegations of terrorism financing and fraud, sources added. The military personnel provided by the Chief of Defence Staff, Gen Lucky Irabor, for the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Godwin Emefiele, to prevent his arrest by the Department of State Services (DSS), have not left his residence and office since January, security sources confirmed on Tuesday. The Department of State Services (DSS) meanwhile said it had intensified its investigations in order to arrest and prosecute Emefiele, on allegations of terrorism financing and fraud, sources added. SaharaReporters had on January 17 reported that Irabor meddled in the DSS investigation by providing cover for Emefiele, who returned to the country at that time from the United Kingdom and evaded arrest. SaharaReporters also reported that the CBN governor headed to his office with massive security, specifically military protection, following his return to the country. A senior DSS operative told Daily Trust in confidence that the soldiers provided by the CDS countermanded the DSS officials who went to arrest Emefiele at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja. “Had we not stood down our officers, there could have been a shootout between our men and the soldiers who had cordoned off the area when the plane landed and escorted the CBN governor to his residence,” he said. Security sources have also revealed that soldiers deployed by the CDS are still providing security cover for Emefiele both at his residence and his office. “They are guarding his official residence and also escorting him to his office on a daily basis,” said a security source who wouldn’t want to be named due to the sensitive nature of the matter. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) had spearheaded the move to remove Emefiele following pressure from the “cabal in the presidency.” However, the anti-graft agency was said to have backed down from the move after selling to him (Emefiele) the dummy on the controversial currency re-design. When contacted about the allegation that the military was still providing soldiers to protect Emefiele, Brig.-Gen. Tukur Gusau, Acting Director, Defence Information, said that the military had always deployed personnel to man and secure critical assets across the country. He stated that such deployment was not about a personality or individual, but about the asset, which benefits all Nigerians. “What I know is that, we have deployment at the Central Bank of Nigeria and for other critical national assets. If you go to NNPC too, you will see our person. “It is not only in Abuja here, we have such deployments, you will see that type of deployment in Lagos and other places where the critical national assets are located or situated,” Gusau said. On his part, the spokesman for the DSS, Peter Afunanya, when contacted, declined to speak on the matter. He simply said:  “No comment.” 