It had earlier been reported that the Oyo State chapter of the AAC expelled Okedara from the party over gross violation of the party’s constitution. The African Action Congress (AAC), Oyo State chapter has distanced itself from its governorship candidate in the state, Mojeed Okedara, reportedly expelled for endorsing the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu.  It had earlier been reported that the Oyo State chapter of the AAC expelled Okedara from the party over gross violation of the party’s constitution.  Part of a letter addressed to Okedara and purportedly signed by the state chairman, Kayode Babayomi, said, “Following the Party’s query to you dated the 16th of February 2023 and the request to explain within 24 hours, (which you responded to after the 24-hour window had expired) giving your reasons why disciplinary actions should not be taken against you, we acknowledge your response dated 18/2/2023 and you also acknowledged the state working committee resolutions dated 21/02/2023 (which you didn’t respond to till 24 hours window expired).”  But Babayomi in a counter-statement made available to SaharaReporters on Thursday said that Okedara had already been expelled from the party he endorsed Tinubu, emphasising that candidates of the AAC party will never endorse any presidential candidate aside from its presidential candidate, Omoyele Sowore.  “It has come to our attention that one Okedara Mojeed, a former and expelled gubernatorial candidate of our party has purportedly endorsed the candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Ahmed Tinubu.  “This is to inform the public that the African Action Congress gubernatorial candidate, Oyo state has been expelled earlier before he went ahead to endorse another candidate.  “Candidates of the AAC party will never endorse any presidential candidate aside from its flag bearer, Omoyele Sowore.  “Especially that, our party will never endorse a candidate of a party that has impoverished, tortured and degraded Nigerians all through its tenure. Anyone who does that has done it without conscience and we wish to dissociate ourselves from such stained characters,” part of the statement read.  Babayomi added that “it is however surprising that in a country where there are laws, an expelled member of the party continues to parade himself as an official”. He continued, “This is impersonation of the highest order and We therefore call on all security agencies to swing into action to bring the culprit to book.  “The African Action Congress is a party that prides itself as a group of persons with integrity and unquestionable character, as such, it won’t tolerate mischievous persons who do not share the ideology of the party but are hell-bent to soil the name of the party by negotiating illegal deals.  “Tinubu can keep swimming in the dirty pools of worthless endorsements, Tinubu trying to buy candidates shows his desperation to power which is needless in a country where the masses have their choice, but the good people of Nigeria know their choice in the coming elections which is our party’s presidential candidate Omoyele Sowore.”