A whistleblower had in 2022 petitioned the police, alleging that the sacked NSITF boss was parading a fake NYSC Discharge Certificate with Number: A030544.   President Muhammadu Buhari has sacked the Managing Director/Chief Executive of the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF), Michael Akabogu. He was sacked in connection to his alleged forgery of the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) Discharge Certificate, sources told SaharaReporters. “I am directed to inform you that Mr. President, Muhammadu Buhari in the exercise of his powers under Section 8 of the NSITF Act has directed the removal from office of Dr. Michael Akabogu as the Managing Director/CE of the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) with effect from Friday, 3rd February 2023. “Subsequently, the Executive Director Administration of the Fund - Barr. (Mrs.) Maureen Allagoa has been directed to take charge of the affairs of the Fund. “Furthermore, this information should be communicated to the staff of your various Departments/Units, Regions and Branches,” an internal memo signed by the Executive Director of Operations of the agency, Gabriel Iwelunmor read. A whistleblower had in 2022 petitioned the police, alleging that the sacked NSITF boss was parading a fake NYSC Discharge Certificate with Number: A030544. The police subsequently invited Akabogu for questioning after the authority of NYSC denied issuing the fake NYSC discharge certificate. He had claimed he was mobilised for the compulsory one-year Service, vide NO. OG/ FUTO/ 91/23402 for the first Batch from the 4th of October 1991 to the 3rd of October, 1992.     Investigation by SaharaReporters however revealed that Akabogu's discharge NYSC certificate bearing number A030544 was allegedly forged and the first batch of 1991 corps members were mobilised on the 16th of September, 1991 and discharged/passed out on 15th of September 1992 as against the claims of Akabogu that he was mobilised for the first batch from 4th, October, 1991 to 3rd October 1992. It would be recalled that in August, 2022, during a probe of the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) by the Senate Public Account Committee (SPAC) scrutinising the audit queries issued against NSITF as contained in the 2018 report of the Auditor General for the Federation (AUGF) to explain the spending of N17.158bn in 2013, NSTIF could not justify the spending with required documents saying that some of the vouchers had been eaten up by termites and this scandal generated series of mixed reactions across the country. Speaking to SaharaReporters, a source, who pleaded for anonymity had disclosed that the sacked MD fraudulently gained a director level appointment some six years ago at NSITF and was subsequently appointed the substantive Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of the agency in 2021 with an alleged forged NYSC discharge certificate bearing certificate number, A030544. "This fraudulent public servant has been confirmed to be a pathological liar. Some of us are very ready to meet the fraudulent Managing Director in court and testify under oath. There are concerns that the Honourable Minister, who was misadvised by the fraudster and his cronies to recommend him to Mr. President to take up the position of Managing Director of NSITF, which he was not qualified to hold ab-initio. "We are therefore calling on the Honourable Minister and the law enforcement agencies to take urgent action to save the agency from Akabogu, the imposter and the troubles it portends for the agency. The Managing Director must do the needful and vacate the seat and refund every money received as salaries from the government coffers, wages, allowances and resign honourably just as former finance minister, Kemi Adeosun did,” the source had said.  