APC PCC called for the immediate withdrawal of Naja’atu as a coordinator of the Police Service Commission for the Northwest or any region for that matter.  The Presidential Campaign Council (PCC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday rejected the appointment of Naja’atu Muhammad as the North-West coordinator of the Police Service Commission (PSC).  The PSC had appointed Naja’atu, a former Director of the Civil Society Directorate of the APC PCC as one of the coordinators to supervise the conduct of police officers during the February 25 and March 11 general elections.  However, the APC PCC, in a statement issued on Monday and signed by its spokesman, Festus Keyamo, emphasised that the role given to Naja’atu requires an honest and unbiased individual who will discharge the duties diligently and without reproach.  According to him, the nation will not get that from Naja’atu.  APC PCC, therefore, called for the immediate withdrawal of Naja’atu as a coordinator of the Police Service Commission for the Northwest or any region for that matter.  The statement reads in part, "We are deeply shocked and appalled to read a release by the Police Service Commission appointing one of its most partisan members, Naja’atu Bala Muhammad as a NorthWest coordinator of the Presidential Election. In that role, she is expected to move about freely, supervising the conduct of Police Officers during the elections.  "With the well-documented activities, actions and vitriols of Naja’atu in the last few weeks against our candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu (after being shown the door out of the APC as a mole) we venture to say that this appointment is not only callous, it is insensitive, openly confrontational and consequently unacceptable by the Tinubu/SHETTIMA Presidential Campaign Council.  “Coming at a time when President Muhammadu Buhari is constantly assuring and reassuring the world of free, fair and credible elections, it confirms our worst fears that there are functionaries of government that are actively working with the opposition to thwart the avowed commitment of Mr. President.  "We need not emphasise that the role given to NAJA’ATU requires a honest and unbiased individual who will discharge the duties diligently and without reproach. The nation will not get that from NAJA’ATU.”  "We therefore demand for the IMMEDIATE withdrawal of the name of NAJA’ATU Bala Muhammad as a coordinator of the Police Service Commission for the NorthWest or any region for that matter. She has an inalienable right to continue to campaign for any candidate of her choice and to vote for that candidate, but she cannot be given a garment to wear at this time that is meant only for neutrals," the statement added.  Naja’atu recently claimed that the ruling party's presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, is mentally and physically incapable of becoming the country's next president.  Naja'atu, who revealed this while speaking with DCL Hausa, described how she discovered Tinubu might be suffering from severe dementia.  She said, “I sat with him for two hours in London; when you talk of green, he will give you an answer of red. He can’t even decipher. He has very serious dementia; I believe he has Alzheimer’s because he cannot even hold a cup of tea.”  “Asiwaju that I sat with for two hours, he slept most of the time, it was Bisi Akande that I was really talking to. Most importantly he is not only physically unfit, he is mentally unfit, whether we want it or not, this is the truth.”  “But when you talk of the leadership of over 200 million people, you know that if you remove tribal sentiments, you know that he is incapable; those that will rule are those around him. This is the reality. He is mentally deranged – I said it,” she added.