This was captured in a video showing protesters throwing stones and destroying some properties within the premises of the bank. Angry youths in Abeokuta, Ogun State on Tuesday vandalised one of the branches of First Bank while protesting against the persisting scarcity of Naira notes that has forced many businesses across the country to shut down. This was captured in a video showing protesters throwing stones and destroying some properties within the premises of the bank. Naira Scarcity: First Bank branch, other properties vandalised as protest rocks Abeokuta, gun
State Vote LP pic.twitter.com/SSetMzHtmw — Bishop (LP)  (@BishopPOEvang) February 7, 2023 The Central Bank of Nigeria has fixed February 10 as the new deadline for the exchange of old naira notes for newly redesigned one, having initially fixed January 31 as the deadline. Many Nigerians are currently unable to obtain the new N200, N500, and N1,000 notes, resulting in scarcity and attendant suffering in the country. This led the youths and some residents of the state to stage the protest. It was also gathered that one of the protesters sustained gunshot injury during the protest. WATCH [GRAPHIC]: @PoliceNG Officer Allegedly Shoots Protester In Sapon Area Of Abeokuta, Ogun State#NairaScarcity #fuelscarcity pic.twitter.com/LWWWe7ghag — Sahara Reporters (@SaharaReporters) February 7, 2023 In a similar development, SaharaReporters had also reported how angry market women last Friday barricaded the Warri-Sapele Road and NPA Expressway in Delta State in a protest over Naira scarcity. The protesting traders besieged commercial banks in the area including the entrance of the United Bank for Africa and Union Bank located near Main Market, Warri, forcing the banks to close abruptly. The market women who displayed placards and leaves lamented their inability to sell their goods in the past few days owing to the enforcement of the cashless policy by the apex bank which had led to scarcity of the new Naira notes. The protesters also burnt tyres along the ever-busy roads as part of expressing their frustration, thereby causing gridlock. The traders, while rejecting the Nigerian government’s cashless policy, demanded that commercial banks should release their monies to enable them carry out their legitimate businesses and take care of their families.