Ekpa issued the threat in a memo titled "Memo to Nigeria Banks Operating in Biafra Territory" where he gave all commercial banks in the region till February 7 to release enough money to customers or their security will no longer be guaranteed. Simon Ekpa, the self-proclaimed disciple of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, has threatened to unleash attacks on commercial banks operating in the South-East part of Nigeria over the scarcity of Naira notes.   Ekpa issued the threat in a memo titled "Memo to Nigeria Banks Operating in Biafra Territory" where he gave all commercial banks in the region till February 7 to release enough money to customers or their security will no longer be guaranteed.  The Finland-based Biafra agitator who has been disowned by IPOB also warned all the banks in the South-East in possession of any kind of electoral materials to return them to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on or before February 10 or accept whatever comes to them.  The memo read, "Our attention has been drawn to a deliberate financial Jihad against Biafra people as Nigeria Banks operating in Biafra territory has continued to starve Biafra of their hard-earned money something that looks like what Nigeria did to Biafrans during and after the genocidal war of 1967-1970.  "We, the Biafra people have respected all the Financial institutions in Biafra territory but what we will not accept going forward is for you to collaborate with the Nigeria state and starve Biafrans of their own money or to become enablers of genocide in our own land against our people.  "We also understand that most of the banks premises are being used by INEC to store voting materials instead of their banking business and we know those Banks.  "We are warning the Banks to restrain themselves from being enabler of genocide or financial Jihad against Biafra people. We are business people and our businesses are mostly buying and selling of goods and services that need the banks.  "We will not hesitate to engage financial institutions if this financial Jihad or starvation continues unabated.  “We the Biafra people, therefore, demand that: All Banks that have been operating in Biafraland must make money available to the rightful owners until Biafra have its own currency;  "Those Banks that made their premises the second INEC office must remove all NIGERIA INEC MATERIALS and return them back to INEC on or before the 10th day of February 2023; Money must be made available to Biafrans before 7th February 2023.  "Failing to do the aforementioned at the stipulated time frame, you will be treated as Nigeria terrorist state enablers in Biafraland and your security will no longer be guaranteed in Biafra territory.  "We want to officially notify the Banks that the war of separation for Biafra Exit from Nigeria is ongoing and as such they should understand that they are operating in Biafra territory and not in Nigeria. It will be self-deceit to say you don't know whether your bank is in Biafra territory or not."  