Adegboruwa said his life is being threatened just because he has maintained his advocacy for better Nigeria where justice and peace shall reign and therefore called on Nigerians to hold the Nigerian government and the security agencies accountable should anything happen to him. Nigerian senior lawyer and social development activist, Ebun-Olu Adegboruwa, SAN, has raised the alarm over an alleged threat to his life, even though he is not affiliated to any political party in the country. Adegboruwa said his life is being threatened just because he has maintained his advocacy for better Nigeria where justice and peace shall reign and therefore called on Nigerians to hold the Nigerian government and the security agencies accountable should anything happen to him. The senior lawyer in a statement he personally signed said he had noticed and warned in recent times over attempts on his life, linking the alleged threat to his conviction and advocacies for good governance, rule of law and accountability. “As I do not yet have the financial power to undertake philanthropic engagements to birth my convictions, I deploy my professional experience, knowledge and services to campaign for a better society, where justice and peace shall reign. “This should not warrant any threat to my life at all, either from politicians or from the government. Power belongs to God. No human life should be worth the political ambition of anyone,” Adegboruwa said. The senior legal luminary said that Nigeria only needs a good leadership that will improve its economic conditions and good governance and that such desire should not constitute a threat to the life of any advocate in the country. He continued by saying that “All that the people of Nigeria seek is good leadership, a better life through efficient management of our resources, security of lives and property, durable infrastructure that will galvanize improved economic conditions and good governance. “This should not constitute a threat to the ambition of any politician or indeed a threat to the life of any advocate. While my views and actions may seem to antagonise or support certain political tendencies depending on the divide, I bear no allegiance to any political party.” The senior advocate while reiterating his nonpartisanship said that anyone Nigerians considered fit for their votes in a free, fair and credible election would also be his leader. He however vowed to “continue the revolutionary struggles for which I have been trained and known, notwithstanding the threats. My life is in the hands of God.” 