Obasanjo had in a letter urged President Muhammadu Buhari to cancel the presidential and National Assembly elections for not passing the credibility and transparency test. The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has berated former President Olusegun Obasanjo for calling for the cancellation of already conducted elections. 
Obasanjo had in a letter urged President Muhammadu Buhari to cancel the presidential and National Assembly elections for not passing the credibility and transparency test.
He further urged President Buhari to reschedule such cancelled election along with areas where elections were disrupted for next Saturday, March 4, 2023
Obasanjo argued that the BVAS and server officials for the elections should also be changed.
The elder statesman also recommended that a committee of Independent National Electoral Committee (INEC) staff and representatives of the four major political parties with the Chairman of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) be constituted.
Reacting, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, Spokesperson of the CNG described Obasanjo’s letter as inciting and called him a security risk.
The CNG said the former President needed to be questioned and cautioned over his deliberately inciting utterances and should be prepared to be held responsible for any breach of law and order that may lead to a rupture in the system.
"For whatever reason, Obasanjo should not be the person to speak of irregular electoral practices going by his record of inconsistencies with elections while in office.
"Obasanjo lacks the credibility or competence to speak on credibility of elections unless he is working to bring about conflict for the Service of his usual, dubious, personal political agenda.
"Obasanjo should note that he does not own Nigeria and that his selfish, hateful disposition has for long stripped him of claim to integrity or statesmanship.
"Nigerians cannot quickly forget the transitional elections held under Obasanjo which were clearly contrived on the back of the most gratuitous insults to justice and fairness wrapped in a crude cover of crass political opportunism and breathtaking ineptitude.
"Obasanjo ought not reasonably be allowed to continue intervening in serious national issues after having led an administration that had acquired the reputation of being the worst in the history of our nation in terms of any capacity to generate confidence in achieving credible national goals.
"We call on well-meaning Nigerians to treat Obasanjo’s latest disruptive letter for what it is; insane, inciting, callous and an open invitation to chaos.
"We finally alert the nation and the world to where blame should ultimately lay if Obasanjo’s threats to national integration ever came to pass,” Suleiman said.