Giringori Akabogu is a comedy character popular in Nigeria in the 1980s in a television show, “New Masquerade”. The character was played by Chief James Iroha who died in February 2012. The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) vice-presidential candidate, Kashim Shettima, has once again referred to the Labour Party's presidential candidate, Peter Obi, as ‘Giringori’. Giringori Akabogu is a comedy character popular in Nigeria in the 1980s in a television show, “New Masquerade”. The character was played by Chief James Iroha who died in February 2012. The former Borno governor said this at the APC Local Government Summit for Tinubu/Shettima held in Abuja during the weekend. He said the former Anambra governor is not the most qualified candidate from the southeastern region, who should be vying to become the next Nigerian president. He said, “I believe even in the southeast there are better-qualified people to rule this nation than ‘Giringori’”  He continued: “Honestly, I dare to mention my friend, Owelle Rochas Anayo Okorocha. He was born, bred, birthed and trusted in the north. He speaks Hausa fluently. He made his money in the north and in Lagos. “We have David Umayi, yes, you can call him a provincial politician, but there is no governor in the southeast that has performed better than David Umahi. Go to Umahi and see the road constructed by David Umahi, then you will come to appreciate this great son of Africa.”  In November 2022, Shettima also called Obi by the appellation during a live TV programme while also describing the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo as a man who should be selling ice cream instead of vying for presidency. He said, “Osinbajo is a good and nice man but nice men do not make good leaders, nice men should be selling ice cream.  “The training that the elder statesman got from Kano School of Hygiene is that of a ‘wole wole’. And believe me, the ability to sell bottle water does not make one an expert on the economy. Atiku Abubakar is not Abraham Lincoln, he is more of a Raila Odinga.”  “Peter ‘Giringori’ Obi is my friend but Giringori has absolutely nothing to offer.”  Reacting to the comment, the Labour Party described Shettima’s remark as offensive, derogatory and unethical. The party expressed dissatisfaction with the conduct of Shettima in a statement signed by the then Director-General, the Labour Party Campaign Organisation, Dr Doyin Okupe.