Governor Ortom in a statement issued on Tuesday by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, said that Sanusi who was a former Emir in Kano State made comments in a recent video linking the Benue governor to the air strike incident in Nasarawa State. Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has reacted to a former governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Muhammed Sanusi’s alleged attempt to blame him (Ortom) for a recent deadly air strike in Nasarawa State where several herdsmen were killed. Governor Ortom in a statement issued on Tuesday by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, said that Sanusi who was a former Emir in Kano State made comments in a recent video linking the Benue governor to the air strike incident in Nasarawa State. According to the statement, Sanusi was quoted to have called on Governor Ortom to learn from his brother governors on how to manage the diversity in his state, citing the Plateau State governor as his model. But Governor Ortom who reiterated that the source of the incident was still a subject of investigation by relevant authorities and that he did not intend to join issues with the 14th Emir of Kano because of the sacredness with which he (Ortom) held human lives said he could not take instructions from a “deposed Emir.” However, Governor Ortom insisted that the anti-open grazing law which Sanusi reportedly made reference to in the video was a law that was validly passed by the Benue State House of Assembly which prescribed penalties against its violations, therefore, neither himself nor the Benue State Government had the capacity to deploy a drone or any military assets in any part of the country. Governor Ortom said that “At the appropriate time, I will formally respond to that evil presentation to Mr. President against me,” adding that “I will talk about my story and expose the evil that is going on orchestrated by those that are perceived to be educated and prominent and supposed to be leaders.” The statement added that the governor “cautioned the deposed Emir of Kano State, Alhaji Lamido Sanusi to restrain himself from meddling into the affairs of the state. He advised the Alhaji Sanusi to instead, face the court litigations surrounding his dethronement. “Governor Ortom wondered why as educated and exposed as the dethroned Emir was, he would resort to telling lies about an elected personality like himself just to suit his purpose. “The deposed Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi had in a recent video which went viral, made a futile attempt at dragging the name of the governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom to the unfortunate incident in Nasarawa state where some persons alleged to be Fulani herdsmen were killed in an air strike attack, the source of which is still a subject of investigation by relevant authorities. “In the video which to all intent and purpose, like others from similar sources, was aimed at profiling Governor Ortom before the Fulani race, the deposed Emir called on the Benue governor to learn from his brother governors on how to manage the diversity in his state, citing the governor of Plateau state as his model. “Governor Ortom said he found it strange that Alhaji Sanusi would advise him to Govern Benue like his Plateau State counterpart, saying he was “elected by the people of Benue State and my allegiance is to Benue State people, not to any man in Kano.” “Governor Ortom pointed out that the law prohibiting open grazing in Benue State which Alhaji Sanusi was against “is not in conflict with the constitution of Nigeria so nobody can stop us from enforcing the rights and practice of the law.” 