The protesting traders besieged commercial banks in the area including the entrance of the United Bank for Africa and Union Bank located near Main Market, Warri, forcing the banks to close abruptly.  Angry market women on Friday barricaded the Warri-Sapele Road and NPA Expressway in Delta State in protest against the persisting scarcity of Naira notes that have forced many businesses across the country to shut down. The protesting traders besieged commercial banks in the area including the entrance of the United Bank for Africa and Union Bank located near Main Market, Warri, forcing the banks to close abruptly. The market women who carried placards and leaves lamented the inability to sell their goods in the past few days owing to the enforcement of the cashless policy by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) which has led to scarcity of the new Naira notes. According to the video of the protest published by The Nation, the protesters burnt tyres along the ever-busy roads as part of expressing their frustration, thereby causing heavy gridlock. The traders, while rejecting the Nigerian government’s cashless policy, demanded that commercial banks should release their monies to enable them carry out their legitimate businesses and take care of their families. The aggrieved market women who protested from the Main Market axis of Warri Sapele Road to Delta Broadcasting Station located at the Edjeba axis of Nigeria Port Authority (NPA) Expressway, Warri could be heard chanting, “our fish dey spoil o”, our foods dey rotten.” Meanwhile, security operatives were spotted addressing the angry market women who however insisted that the commercial banks must release their money for them to do their business. “Our children are hungry, we cannot sell, we cannot do transfer, we cannot withdraw our money. I stayed in the shop throughout yesterday (Thursday) and sold nothing. People who want to buy things tried to transfer money but could not. What is happening?” one of the protesters lamented. 