APC dismissed the purported video as fake, however, warned those behind it to desist from fabrication and falsehood. The Lagos State chapter of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has denied the video purportedly showing the presidential candidate of the party, Bola Tinubu, throwing money at the crowd during rally in the State. The Publicity Secretary of the State chapter of the party, Seye Oladejo, who dismissed the purported video as fake, however, warned those behind it to desist from fabrication and falsehood. Oladejo, in a statement in reaction to the purported video, said that the former Lagos State governor never threw money to the crowd as being speculated. The statement partly read, “Dazed by the phenomenal success of Lagos grand rally held today (February 21), frustrated political opponents have resorted to planting fictional story of Naira-throwing by our candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. “In a currently trending post, the orchestrated report purports that Asiwaju Tinubu threw wads of bank-notes to a cheering crowd at Oshodi as his motorcade rode past from Lagos airport en route to Teslim Balogun Stadium, Surulere, Lagos. It is nothing but a lie from the pit of hell.” He added: “It is part of an ongoing well-oiled campaign of calumny in a compromised section of the media to project Asiwaju Tinubu in bad lights at a time millions of Nigerians are unable to access their hard-earned cash deposited in banks. "Asiwaju Tinubu has championed the cause of long-suffering Nigerians that they be allowed to spend old bank notes pending when the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) is able to make adequate bank notes available. So, where will Asiwaju have seen new notes to be throwing on Lagos highways? “Ordinarily, we would have ignored this infantile lie given its provenance (one of the cheap bloggers hired by political opponents now traumatised by APC’s imminent victory on February 25). But we chose to make this brief statement for the sake of the gullible, who might be deceived by such cheap spin.  “A closer look at the accompanying short video (attached to the referenced fake report) will reveal that two APC leaders are the ones actually throwing branded APC fez caps and leaflets to a cheering crowd. Certainly not Naira notes.  “We urge our supporters and all right-thinking Nigerians to remain calm and vote Asiwaju Tinubu and all APC candidates on Saturday, February 25.”