A 7.8-magnitude quake in the early hours of Monday hit the town of Pazarcik Turkey, near Gaziantep, a border community with Syria with the latest toll and injured persons reading over 2000. President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday said Nigeria is ready to support Turkey and Syria “in any way possible,” as the death toll of the earthquake that hit parts of the countries rose to over 2000 persons. Buhari made the promise as he commiserated with the governments and people of Turkey and Syria, and those who lost family and friends in the terrible earthquake in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep. The president’s support promise is coming amid controversies in Nigeria over fuel and Naira notes scarcity that has unleashed hardship on Nigerians with many businesses closing down, including forcing the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to postpone its presidential campaign rally in Oyo State indefinitely. Buhari made the offer in a statement titled ‘Deadly Earthquake: President Buhari commiserates with Turkey, Syria pledges support,’ and signed by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu. Recall that SaharaReporters earlier reported that a 7.8-magnitude quake in the early hours of Monday hit the town of Pazarcik Turkey, near Gaziantep, a border community with Syria with the latest toll and injured persons reading over 2000. It was also reported that the initial earthquake which hit the region reported to be the home to millions of Turkish citizens, displaced Syrians and refugees, was followed by a series of aftershocks and then a 7.5-magnitude quake in the afternoon, leading to rise in the death toll. Turkey's disaster and emergency management authorities while confirming the earthquake said that it struck at 4:17am local time, in what had been described as the country’s most seismic occurrence in years. Commiserating with the Turkish and Syrian governments, the statement stated that “The President wishes those injured a speedy recovery and assures that the prayers and thoughts of Nigerians are with the many affected by this severe disaster and its aftershocks. “As a steadfast friend to Turkey and Syria, President Buhari says Nigeria is ready to offer its full support in any way possible.” 