The directive is meant to protect the country's values, said Rashid Msaraka, the head of Unguja town district in the country's islands of Zanzibar. Traders in a Tanzanian district have been banned from displaying scantily clad mannequins outside their premises. The directive is meant to protect the country's values, said Rashid Msaraka, the head of Unguja town district in the country's islands of Zanzibar. In an interview with a popular blogger, Mr Msaraka said such mannequins could still be displayed inside shops, according to BBC News. He said the scantily clad mannequins lined outside premises were visible to schoolchildren and youth and had the potential of distracting their minds. "We have received complaints from people who are concerned about the psychological effects. I know other districts will also follow suit," he said. Similarly in June 2021, SaharaReporters reported that the Kano State Hisbah Board in Northwest Nigeria had banned the use of mannequins to display clothes by tailors, supermarkets and boutique owners in the state.  Hisbah Commander-in-Chief, Ustaz Harun Muhammad Sani Ibn Sina, earlier disclosed this in a statement. Ibn Sina said the use of mannequins by tailors, boutique owners and others contravened the provisions of Islamic injunctions. He added that the agency would educate people on how Islam frowns on the use of mannequins and send its officials to apprehend and prosecute offenders. The statement read, “Hisbah prohibits the use of mannequins at shops, commercial and private residences and other public places. This violates Islamic provisions, it is also responsible for immoral thoughts among some members of the public, all these are against Islam.  “We have divided Kano into five areas for the monitoring and implementation of the ban across the state.” Hisbah, the agency established to enforce Sharia law in some northern   Nigerian states had also banned stylish haircuts, sagging of trousers, and playing of music at social events by disk jockeys.  They have also been seizing tricycles from riders for adorning them with pictures considered to be obscene and against the tenets of Islam.  Hisbah also banned commercial motorcycle and tricycle riders from carrying two women at a time.  This was in addition to other unusual directives reeled out by the Islamic police.