SaharaReporters gathered that the attack happened on Sunday evening along Calabar-Biase- Ugep Highway. Suspected kidnappers have reportedly attacked the convoy of Mr Martin Orim, the Chief of Staff to Governor Ben Ayade of Cross River State, South-South Nigeria. SaharaReporters gathered that the attack happened on Sunday evening along Calabar-Biase- Ugep Highway. Reports said Orim was coming from Obudu suburb of the state and was going to Calabar, the state capital where he attended an official event, when his convoy was attacked by the hoodlums who wielded sophisticated weapons. Orim, who confirmed the incident to journalists in Calabar, said no one was injured as all escaped the attack unhurt. He, however, said some of the vehicles in the convoy were hit by bullets.  SaharaReporters earlier reported the Akampa- Biase -Ugep had gained notoriety for kidnapping.  It had been reported that the state Commissioner for Women Affairs, Mrs Gertrude Njar was two weeks ago kidnapped at Mayne Avenue-Atamunu axis in Calabar South.  Njar's abductors were said to have demanded a ransom of N60 million from her family. SaharaReporters could not ascertain whether her family paid the ransom before she regained her freedom.  Her abduction came three days after an aide to a federal lawmaker, Mr Kenneth Abang was abducted along Calabar-Ikom federal highway.  According to reports, the women affairs commissioner was abducted alongside a young woman, while Bang was abducted with his relative identified as Eunice.  Prior to the commissioner's abduction, a former local government chairman and former commissioner, Ntufam Donatus Etim and a director at the state’s fire service unit were shot at different locations along the same Calabar-Ikom federal highway on Saturday, January 28, 2023.  Etim was said to be in the company of his friend while returning to Calabar after attending a burial ceremony at the central part of the state when the hoodlums opened fire indiscriminately against the travellers.  The attack on Orim is the second high-profile case in the last two weeks after the convoy of the governorship candidate of the Peoples Redemption Party and former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Usani Usani was attacked around the same area.  Although police in Cross River have not officially spoken on the increasing incidents of kidnappings, a police source revealed that various tactical squads have been deployed to highways that link the state to curb the security challenges. 