It was learnt that the trouble started when Egwu's convoy, which was on its way to the Ebonyi Local Government for a rally ran into a blockade mounted by the militias. A former governor of Ebonyi State, Senator Sam Egwu, was on Saturday harassed and delayed by the Ebubeagu militias set up by Governor David Umahi. It was learnt that the trouble started when Egwu's convoy, which was on its way to the Ebonyi Local Government for a rally ran into a blockade mounted by the militias. While speaking with journalists on Saturday, Egwu said he was shocked at the brazen show of intimidation by the thugs who adamantly blocked their way. He noted that his convoy was waylaid and the policemen, who came to the scene, stood there and failed to intervene. The former governor said, “The instructions we were told were that the opposition (parties) are not allowed to use public facilities for anything political. So we have resorted to using private facilities. Yet, even that is not saving us from the wrath of the government. Today, my convoy was waylaid and the police who came practically stood there to supervise what was happening. "The police didn’t intervene but rather watched on almost in a state of helplessness. This is wrong. The nation’s police shouldn’t be subservient to a militia organisation. It is indecent in a democracy. What is happening in Ebonyi must attract public condemnation. "We are now at a point where attacks, killings and arbitrary arrests have become the order of the day.” Egwu, who is currently a Senator, said that unless something drastic was done, Ebonyi State may be engulfed in crisis due to the hard stance of the governor and the activities of his militia. He said, “We worked for this Governor (Umahi) to get to where he is. We didn’t stop him from using public facilities. He was roundly supported. Why can’t he extend the same courtesy to the current seekers of office?” Egwu also called on the police to rise to the occasion and be professional in their duties as the elections were around the corner. Meanwhile, the Human Rights Writers Association has called for the sacking of Ebonyi State Commissioner of Police, accusing him of compromising his office. 