The 31-year-old was arrested following the sharing of an online video of her spraying and stepping on newly ‘redesigned’ naira notes at a party. Nigerian actress, Oluwadarasimi Omoseyin, has been remanded in Kirikiri prison pending the determination of her bail application, for tampering with the naira notes.  The 31-year-old was arrested following the sharing of an online video of her spraying and stepping on newly ‘redesigned’ naira notes at a party.  In the video, the actress is seen flaunting wads of the newly redesigned naira notes.  On Monday, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arraigned Omoseyin before Justice Chukwujekwu Aneke of the Federal High Court in Ikoyi, Lagos, on two counts brought against her.  One of the count reads, “That you Oluwadarasimi Omoseyin on the 28n day of January, 2023 at Monarch event center, Lekki within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court whilst dancing during a social occasion tampered with the sum of N100, 000.00 (One Hundred Thousand Naira) issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria by spraying same in the said occasion and you thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 21 (1) of the Central Bank Act, 2007.  The second read, “That you Oluwadarasimi Omoseyin on the 28th day of January, 2023 at Monarch event center, Lekki within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court whilst dancing during a social occasion tampered with the sum of N100, 000.00 (One Hundred Thousand Naira) issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria by dancing on same in the said occasion and you thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 21 (1) of the Central Bank Act, 2007.”  She however pleaded not guilty to the offence.  In view of her plea, the prosecution counsel, S.I Sulaiman asked the court for a trial date and prayed that the defendant be remanded in the appropriate correctional facility.  Justice Aneke deferred ruling on the bail application to Wednesday, February 15, 2023 and remanded the defendant in Kirikiri correctional facility. The actress was earlier grilled by operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, for spraying the newly ‘redesigned’ naira notes at a party, which the anti-graft claimed violates Section 21 (5) of the Central Bank of Nigeria Act of 2007. The actress was arrested by operatives of the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Fraud Related Offences Commission, ICPC, on Wednesday, February 1, 2023 along Awolowo Road, Ikoyi, Lagos, following intelligence report. The actress was handed over to the EFCC for additional inquiries the following day. A Range Rover and an iPhone were among the items found with her at the scene of the arrest.