The retired army general stated this in a release by his media office on Wednesday, adding that Lagos should be included among other states requiring special security attention. A former Minister of Communications and General Officer Commanding (GOC) 3 Division, Nigerian Army, Major General Tajudeen Olanrewaju (retd), says he has identified multiple potential flashpoints for likely electoral violence. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) had fixed Saturday, February 25, 2023, for the presidential and National Assembly elections to choose President Muhammadu Buhari’s successor, 109 senators and 360 members of the House of Representatives. The retired army general stated this in a release by his media office on Wednesday, adding that Lagos should be included among other states requiring special security attention. The release said, “Lagos State, as Nigeria's most complex federating unit, should be included among other states requiring special security attention to which the armed forces, Nigerian Police Force, Department of State Services and other security agencies must deploy officers and personnel in ensuring peaceful exercise during the upcoming elections. “Major General Tajudeen Olanrewaju (Rtd), called for the inclusion of Lagos State, while agreeing with the military assurance given by the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), General Lucky Irabor, on the urgency and necessity of deploying defence forces against threat by Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) that the terrorist group cannot stop the upcoming elections from holding in South East states of the country. “General Tajudeen Olanrewaju urged the Military High Command and other security organisations to take particular look at major flash points at elections period including those of Lagos among others to ensure that no miscreants have the freedom of time to disrupt the process. “We need this military assurance that a free, fair, and credible election will be held in Lagos State. We implore the Federal Government to deploy the military before, during and after 25 February election. "There are many flash points in Lagos State that make casting votes very difficult because of the activities of thugs, miscreants and street urchins. "They are often used to create senseless disturbances in the strong holds of opponents, rending acceptance of results untenable."