The US president while speaking at the gardens of Warsaw’s Royal Castle in Poland a day after he made a highly-secretive and historic visit to Kyiv in Ukraine said it wasn’t just Ukraine that was tested when it was invaded by Russia but the whole world faced a test for the ages, Sky News reports. United States President, Joe Biden has said Russian President Vladimir Putin thought his enemies would “roll over” but instead he “met the will of America and nations everywhere who refused to accept a world governed by fear”. The US president while speaking at the gardens of Warsaw’s Royal Castle in Poland a day after he made a highly-secretive and historic visit to Kyiv in Ukraine said it wasn’t just Ukraine that was tested when it was invaded by Russia but the whole world faced a test for the ages, Sky News reports. "I can report: Kyiv stands strong, Kyiv stands proud, it stands tall and, most important, it stands free," Biden said this evening. He continued: "When Russia invaded it wasn't just Ukraine being tested, the whole world faced a test for the ages... all democracies were being tested. "The questions we faced were as simple as they were profound. Would we respond or would we look the other way? "Would we be strong or would we be weak?" He continued: "One year later we know the answer. "We did respond, we would be strong, we would be united, and the world would not look the other way." "President Putin ordered his tanks to roll into Ukraine, he thought we would roll over. He was wrong. "The Ukrainian people were too brave. America, Europe, a coalition of nations from the Atlantic to the Pacific, we were too unified. Democracy was too strong. "Instead of the easy victory he perceived and predicted, Putin left with burnt out tanks and Russia's forces in disarray. "He thought he would get the Finlandization of NATO, instead he got the NATO-isation of Finland and Sweden."  The term Finlandization has been used to refer to the decision of a country not to challenge a more powerful neighbour in foreign politics while maintaining national sovereignty.    It comes after Biden said on Monday that Washington would provide Kyiv with a new military aid package worth $500m (£412m) as he was pictured walking in the city with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.  It came before Russian President blamed the West for starting the war in Ukraine and claimed his country responded with force “in order to stop it” in a state of union address today.  Describing his aims as the first anniversary of the conflict nears, Putin said Ukraine was in talks with the West about weapon supplies before Russia invaded its neighbour on 24 February last year.  "I would like to emphasise when Russia tried to find a peaceful solution they were playing with the lives of people and they were playing a dirty game," Putin said.  He said Russia decided to "protect its people and history" by conducting a "special military operation step-by-step" - as he warned that Moscow will "continue to resolve the objectives that are before us".  The Russian president has always referred to the invasion as a "special military operation" since it began last year.    "I would like to repeat, they started the war and we used force in order to stop it," he said in the address. Putin also announced that Russia was suspending its participation in a key nuclear treaty with the US which limits the two sides' strategic nuclear arsenals. The New START treaty with the US caps the number of strategic nuclear warheads that the US and Russia can deploy. Putin said Russia was not fully withdrawing from the treaty and said Moscow must stand ready to resume nuclear weapons tests if the US does so.