The 31-year-old was arrested following the sharing of an online video of her spraying and stepping on the new naira notes at a party. A Federal High Court in Lagos has granted bail to an actress, Oluwadarasimi Omoseyin, nabbed for tampering with the naira notes  She was on Wednesday granted bail in the sum of N5 million with one surety in like sum.  The 31-year-old was arrested following the sharing of an online video of her spraying and stepping on the new naira notes at a party.  In the video, the actress is seen flaunting wads of the newly redesigned naira notes.  On Monday, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arraigned Omoseyin before Justice Chukwujekwu Aneke of the Federal High Court sitting in Ikoyi, Lagos, on two counts brought against her.  One of the counts reads, “That you Oluwadarasimi Omoseyin on the 28n day of January, 2023 at Monarch event center, Lekki within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court whilst dancing during a social occasion tampered with the sum of N100, 000.00 (One Hundred Thousand Naira) issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria by spraying same in the said occasion and you thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 21 (1) of the Central Bank Act, 2007.  The second read, “That you Oluwadarasimi Omoseyin on the 28th day of January 2023 at Monarch event center, Lekki within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court whilst dancing during a social occasion tampered with the sum of N100, 000.00 (One Hundred Thousand Naira) issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria by dancing on same in the said occasion and you thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 21 (1) of the Central Bank Act, 2007.”  She however pleaded not guilty to the offence but was remanded in prison.  At the resumed hearing of the matter on Wednesday, Justice Chukwuejekwu Aneke in his ruling on her bail application, admitted the actress to bail in the sum of N5 million with one surety in like sum.  Justice Aneke ruled that the surety in the civil service should be a Grade Level 12 and above, with evidence of three years of tax payment, among others.  The judge ordered that the actress should be further remanded in Kirikiri prison, pending the perfection of the bail terms and adjourned the matter till April 3, for trial.