  Fidelis Kaigama has denied influencing the Taraba State Governor, Darius Dickson Ishaku to sign an illegally altered gazette of the Jukun-Jibu Kona chiefdom. Kaigama also denied hoodwinking the King of Jukun-Jibu Kona, Augustine Njenmang Vengkani II, to endorse a letter requesting Governor Darius to sign the altered gazette. SaharaReporters on February 2, 2023 reported that Ishaku was accused of signing an illegally altered gazette to remove ruling houses and replace same with the house of his friend, Fidelis Kaigama. The altered official gazette, published in 2022 saw the removal of four ruling houses, including the house of the current monarch of Jukun-Jibu Kona chiefdom. In the 2018 official gazette, the ruling houses of the Kuru Jukun-Jibu Kona chiefdom were listed as Panni/Noku Ayimu, Agauwan, Yim and Namen Numtai.    However, the altered official gazette has curiously replaced the four ruling houses with strange Bajibro and Badami ruling houses. Giving his own account of what happened in a document sent to SaharaReporters on Thursday, Kaigama said, "I feel indebted to the public, particularly the Jukun Kona people to present my side of the story, which is the exact account of what led to the alteration of the 2018 official Gazette of the Kona Chiefdom. "For the records, the Kona Traditional Council set up an Administrative Advisory Committee whose primary mandate is to advise the Kuru Kona and his council members and to make recommendations on matters which the chiefdom council refer to them. "Membership of the Advisory Committee cuts across the four (4) Ruling clans of Kona, just the same way as the membership composition of the Kona Traditional Council is structured to accommodate representatives of the major clans. "I am the Chairman of the 11-member Advisory Council with other respected Kona personalities, including members of the families of those that are now complaining. "When the 2018 official Gazette for the Kona Chiefdom was released, the advisory committee met at the instance of the Chief, to scrutinize it with a view to making sure that its content reflects the correct and acceptable information that was provided to the government by the Chiefdom after wide consultation and exhaustive deliberations. "Having carefully studied and reviewed the document, the committee recommended alteration in some sections including, but not limited to the part that had to do with the Ruling Houses because of some noticeable errors. "Therefore, for anybody or group to say that the gazette was secretly altered without consultation is nothing but a lie from the pit of hell since members of the families that are now raising eye brow about the alteration were in attendance and also consented to the unanimous decision for corrections to be recommended to the council, and same was reflected in the minute of the meeting. "Also, the statement that the four (4) ruling houses, including the house of the current monarch and by extension, the Chief himself has been removed is not only false, but also malicious. As far as I know, no recommendation was made for the removal of any chief from the throne as it is public knowledge that, the present Kuru Kona, HRH Mr. Augustine Njenmang Vengkani II remains the recognized Chief who is occupying the stool of Kona Chiefdom without lets or hindrances. "The ruling houses that were said to have been illegally removed were not removed at all. What the committee recommended was the removal of the regents (Panni/Noku Ayimu) that was erroneously captured as one of the Ruling clans of the Kona Chiefdom because they are children of a woman, whom culturally cannot ascend to the throne nor her children, but were only given the throne in trust. "Right from the foundation of the Kona traditional institution, Chiefs are selected from the four ruling clans by the seven King-makers and not from families. The original four ruling clans of Kona are: Bajibro, Badoni, Bamursi and Bamurtai. "What happened was that, the Kona Traditional Council after reviewing the report of the committee, decided to merge the ruling clans into two, purposely for ease of selection process since they are one and the same people and all are entitled to vie for the throne whenever vacancy existed. "No ruling clan is excluded from contesting for the seat of Kuru Kona. As a matter of fact, the present monarch is from one of the merged clans (Bajibro). Therefore, to say that he has been removed and replaced by the house of Fidelis Kaigama is not only spurious, but also mischievous, inciting, spiteful and evil, to say the least. "The Ruling Houses in the altered 2018 gazette is nothing but mere listing of names of individual families. And such is a sharp deviation from the practice as laid down by our forebears from the very foundation of Kona chieftaincy arrangement. In fact, three (3) out of the four families listed in the gazette belong to the same family, which I think was the reason for their merger." 