This follows the cancellation of results from polling units in Bwari and Gwagwalada Area Councils by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Hajia Ireti Kingibe, the senatorial candidate of the Labour Party (LP) has alleged a plot to rig the elections conducted in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, on Saturday.
This follows the cancellation of results from polling units in Bwari and Gwagwalada Area Councils by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Kingibe who made this known during a press briefing in Abuja on Monday said due to error on the total votes cast, the returning officer alleged over-voting and cancelled election results in the Area Councils. 
The former wife of one-time Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Babagana Kingibe, lamented that thugs attacked some collation centres without being arrested, adding that she would stand her ground and ensure that the right thing was done.
She said; "I am being told that the person that was writing the result 2 plus 2 equal to 5, the judges said it is over voting, the electoral officer said it is an error from that person whether he did it on purpose or accidentally, all the results sheet show that there was no over voting in any of the polling units, so how can you now cancel all the Area Councils. 
"We have watched them, millions have been bribed in this place, even up to millions of dollars have been put in this place to try to take the seat and it is not going to happen. 
"I am going to the collation centre to let them know that we are not standing for this; we have watched them, they cancelled polling units where we are strong, thugs go to INEC collation centre, they tore electoral materials.
"Thugs went to Gwarimpa collation centre, they attacked the people there, they tore presidential result sheets, they went away.
"Fortunately, the Returning Officer had most of the results with her. They have been looking for reasons to cancel Osuma, Bwari, those are all our strongholds, they couldn't, then suddenly they found an error on the total votes, they said it is over voting, the Electoral Officer told them it is not over voting, it is an error on from whoever wrote it, you cannot penalise the candidate for it, look at the result sheet, you will see that there is no over voting on any of them, they said it is not their job to look at result sheets, what kind of a country are we in.
"What the establishment and the people in charge of this country are looking for, if they are not careful they will find it because those of us at the bottom have heard enough.
"When we complain about anything they will say we should go to the polls; we have gone to the polls, they are still insisting that it is not good enough. The will of the people must prevail,” she said.