Recall that on 28 March, 2022, terrorists attacked the Abuja-Kaduna train with 362 passengers, claiming the lives of nine persons, leaving several others injured and some abducted. A social activist and former Kaduna Central Senator, Shehu Sani, has urged the Federal Government to take seriously the terrorists' group, Boko Haram's alleged plot to attack the Abuja-Kaduna train once more. Recall that on 28 March, 2022, terrorists attacked the Abuja-Kaduna train with 362 passengers, claiming the lives of nine persons, leaving several others injured and some abducted. Sani stated in a tweet on Friday that the security presence on the ground should be increased because it was insufficient. He wrote, “The alleged plot by the terror, Boko Haram, to attack the Abuja-Kaduna train again should be taken seriously. “There is improved security presence but not adequate. The conditions of the train engines need to be checked.” The Department of State Service (DSS) had said they had uncovered a plan by Boko Haram terrorists to attack the Abuja-Kaduna train service in the coming days. The Ministry of Transportation, in a letter to the Ministry of Defence, said they received a letter from the DSS on the threat by Boko Haram terrorists to attack the Abuja-Kaduna train services. The transportation ministry called on the Minister of Defence, as a matter of urgency, to convene a meeting of all relevant stakeholders to review the reported terror alert with a view to forestalling the planned attack.A social activist and former Kaduna Central Senator, Shehu Sani, has urged the Federal Government to take seriously the terrorists' group, Boko Haram's alleged plot to attack the Abuja-Kaduna train once more. Recall that on 28 March, 2022, terrorists attacked the Abuja-Kaduna train with 362 passengers, claiming the lives of nine persons, leaving several others injured and some abducted. Sani stated in a tweet on Friday that the security presence on the ground should be increased because it was insufficient. He wrote, “The alleged plot by the terror, Boko Haram, to attack the Abuja-Kaduna train again should be taken seriously. “There is improved security presence but not adequate. The conditions of the train engines need to be checked.” The Department of State Service (DSS) had said they had uncovered a plan by Boko Haram terrorists to attack the Abuja-Kaduna train service in the coming days. The Ministry of Transportation, in a letter to the Ministry of Defence, said they received a letter from the DSS on the threat by Boko Haram terrorists to attack the Abuja-Kaduna train services. The transportation ministry called on the Minister of Defence, as a matter of urgency, to convene a meeting of all relevant stakeholders to review the reported terror alert with a view to forestalling the planned attack. 