EFCC also released incidents reporting hotlines for the 36 states of the Federation and the federal Capital Territory (FCT).  Nigeria's anti-corruption agency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), says it has deployed its officers to the 36 states of the Federation and the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, to monitor the polls. The commission in a statement issued on Wednesday, via it official Twitter handle, said the deployment of officers to monitor the election was part of efforts to ensure the integrity of the February 25, 2023 Presidential and National Assembly elections. Apart from the teams deployed across the country, the EFCC also released incidents reporting hotlines for the 36 states of the Federation and the federal Capital Territory (FCT). In the statement, accompanied with flyers of the hotlines and Eagle Eye App for Nigerians to contact and report vote buying during the polls, the Executive Chairman of the Commission, Abdulrasheed Bawa charged the operatives to be conscious of the interest of the nation while discharging their duties. Bawa also advised that officers on election duty must exhibit a high sense of professionalism in the discharge of their duties. The statement partly read, “You are out on a national assignment and I expect you to conduct yourselves responsibly in line with our core values of professionalism, integrity and courage. "You have a responsibility to ensure that this election is devoid of financial malpractices, especially inducement of voters. The attention of the world is focused on Nigeria and we must do what is necessary to ensure that we have credible, free and fair elections." It added, "The Commission urges members of the public to report any case of vote buying or selling, or other evidence of financial malpractices designed to compromise the electoral outcome through these hotlines. "Members of the public can also report anyone trying to buy or sell votes by making use of the EFCC financial crimes reporting App, Eagle Eye, which is available for download on the Google Play or Apple store. "Additionally, the public can reach the Commission through our social media handle, @officialefcc or by email, info@efcc.gov.ng"