However, a statement by ADC's Chairman, Board of Trustees, Senator Patricia Akwashiki, described the alleged endorsements as fraudulent, void and of no effect. The African Democratic Congress (ADC) has dissociated itself from the purported endorsement of other political parties and their candidates for 2023 by a faction of the party. Earlier, there was a report that ADC has endorsed the Labour Party Presidential candidate, Peter Obi and his running mate, Datti Baba-Ahmed, for the Saturday's presidential election. The purported endorsement was held at the River Plate Gardens in Abuja on Monday morning. The coalition, which is made up of several star alliance partners such as Nigeria Mothers for Good Governance, Fulani United, and League of Imams, among others, said they seek to create a formidable force for the Obi/Datti ticket. The event was attended by prominent figures such as the ADC National Chairman, Chief Raphael Nwosu, BoT Chairman,Dr Mani Ibrahim Ahmed and Prof Pat Utomi. However, a statement by ADC's Chairman, Board of Trustees, Senator Patricia Akwashiki, described the alleged endorsements as fraudulent, void and of no effect, adding that the endorsement was being carried by a faction of the party not known to law for pecuniary gains. It blamed a faction of the party, led by its immediate past National Chairman, Ralph Nwosu for the anti-party activity. According to the party, Nwosu’s faction has allegedly divided itself into three groups which are now illegally engaged in endorsing parties like the All Progressives Congress (APC), Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the Labour Party (LP) for 2023 general elections all in a bid to make quick money. Akwashiki warned those involved in the act to desist, noting that if not they would face the full wrath of the law. According to the statement, its presidential candidate for 2023, Dumebi Kachikwu, had “long warned about criminals in ADC who sell the party to the bigger parties. “They have divided themselves into three groups and collected money from APC, PDP and Labour. One party, three endorsements within the space of four days. Shameful.” The statement further stated party under the interim leadership of Senator Akwashiki, described those who carried the endorsements as “impostors” and “impersonators” who were no longer members of ADC. "Therefore, their endorsement has nothing to do with the authentic ADC recognised by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). “We are appalled that renegades who are no longer known to the ADC can constitute themselves into a criminal gang to perpetuate illegalities all in the name of making quick money. “This condemnable action will not stop our party or its presidential candidate from running the race to the very end. “We are determined to ensure that the bright chances of all ADC candidates in the forthcoming general elections are not sold or mortgaged as was the practice in the past. “The arm of the law will soon catch up with all those responsible for these criminal and shameful activities," the statement partly read.