According to the group, it will not only spur voter apathy but disenfranchise millions of Nigerians in the forthcoming general elections. A group of journalists under the aegis of Journalists for Democratic Rights (JODER), has kicked against the Naira redesign and cashless policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). According to the group, it will not only spur voter apathy but disenfranchise millions of Nigerians in the forthcoming general elections. JODER in a statement released on Tuesday noted that the controversial cash swap may affect the democratic rights of millions of Nigerians who will be unable to cast their votes due to the prevailing lack of access to funds which will affect their ability to travel to their various polling units.  According to the group, the cash crunch will prevent many Nigerians from casting their votes.  JODER in the statement signed by Adewale Adeoye said, "In the past two weeks, intra and inter-state movements of people have almost been stunted. Millions of Nigerians who register outside their work places or homes will not be able to perform the historic ritual of electoral migration during the National Elections which begins on Saturday.  "JODER has been active in election monitoring since 1999. The custom is that in states, millions of people register in their communities far from where they live or work. Some register in their communities located outside their state of residency.  "They travel ahead of the election either from one community to the other or from one state to the other. The CBN policy is set to drastically pull down this tradition."  The group further stated that random interviews during election monitoring indicated that millions of people travel with the sole purpose of going home to vote in their communities but that the CBN cash policy will make people lose the opportunity.  "This is coming at a time that the transfer window of voter cards has been closed. The pro-media rights group said during elections, there are usually mass movements across the six geo-political zones.  "Without cash, a situation imposed on voters and with the epileptic inter-bank transfers, millions of Nigerians will be denied their democratic right underlining the fascist and despotic policy of the CBN policy implementation mechanism," the statement said.  He said the policy has also destroyed the prospect of strategic communication between political parties and voters since access to mass communication instruments like pamphlets, radio jingles and community and rural meetings were annulled due to scarcity of cash and trade hitches occasioned by the CBN policy.  According to JODER, it is difficult to assess the number of Nigerians that will be affected due to lack of cash to travel ahead of the election but estimates that the number should be in millions.  "We estimate that millions of people will be disenfranchised by the CBN policy. This portrays the CBN as anti-democracy whereas a responsible apex bank should realize the importance of representative government to economic growth and prosperity."  It also said anti-corruption fight is not the primary responsibility of the CBN, adding that what the CBN needs to do is to provide relevant information for anti-graft agencies. JODER noted that the CBN policy is like starving a whole community of food and water for weeks on the pretext that one child in the community is suspected of stealing from the store house.  "The CBN has undermined democracy and sustainable development by its ill-thought and despotic approach to an otherwise progressive fiscal policy that ought to have been driven with over all public good from the beginning," the group said. 