SaharaReporters had reported that some gunmen attacked Ugochinyere's Akokwa country home on January 14, where they killed four relations including his uncle and burnt over 34 vehicles and houses. The Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) has called for the immediate removal of the Imo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Mohammed Barde, over the barrage of attacks on residents of the state and its spokesperson, Ikenga Ugochinyere. SaharaReporters had reported that some gunmen attacked Ugochinyere's Akokwa country home on January 14, where they killed four relations including his uncle and burnt over 34 vehicles and houses. Not satisfied with the vicious attack, on February 7, some yet-to-be identified gunmen suspected to be government thugs again invaded the CUPP spokesperson's house. However, CUPP on Thursday called for the removal of Imo Police Chief, accusing him of conspiracy, while demanding the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, to ensure a thorough investigation of the attacks and killings. The CUPP also released video footage of the attack on the country home of its spokesperson, by unknown gunmen on February 7. The video showed the men armed with guns, machetes charms and other dangerous weapons invading the house in commando style and when they could not find Ikenga in the house resorted to terrorising occupants of the house, stealing property, planting incriminating items and destruction of property, including bursting overhead water tanks and industrial size generators.  The group also accused the Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma, insisting that the governor and police Commissioner knew more than they were willing to say about the attacks.  They alleged that from among the attackers, men of the Imo State Police Command, Ebubeagu Network and at least one officer from the Force Intelligence and Investigation Bureau were identified from the video. In the statement signed by second spokesperson of the Coalition, Mark Adebayo, they asked the IGP to unravel the mystery behind unknown gunmen in Imo State. They alleged that the police commissioner “is colluding with the ruling party in the state to seize voter education and campaign materials belonging to Ikenga and the PDP as well as detaining and torturing those in possession of the materials for six days without charging them to court or releasing them.” Mr Adebayo said the Imo Police boss shielded those responsible for voter register manipulation but only went ahead to charge innocent INEC staff to court – an action which had been struck out by the court for lack of evidence. CUPP called on both local and foreign election observers as well as foreign missions to consider Imo for possible election-related violence due to the activities of Governor Hope Uzodinma and his party. 