SaharaReporters on Sunday, February 19 reported that Runo was declared missing by his family after he left home at Bashorun, Ibadan in Oyo State and never returned. A missing 14-year-old boy identified as Ivie Great Runo Oristeseyigbemi has been located, according to a family source.  SaharaReporters on Sunday, February 19 reported that Runo was declared missing by his family after he left home at Bashorun, Ibadan in Oyo State and never returned.  It was gathered that Runo who is from Odolomerun family in the Sapele area of Delta state is in Junior Secondary School 1 at Saint Patrick’s Grammar School in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital.  Elvis Uwagbenebi Ofeoriste, one of the family members, told SaharaReporters that the missing boy was seen after school hours doing his house chores but could not be found thereafter.  Elvis said, “Runo was seen after school hours doing his house chores but to our utmost surprise he wasn’t seen that same evening of February 14 till now.  “This has caused us so much pain as a family. We don’t know of his whereabouts, what he will be eating, how is he coping without basic human necessity away from home.  "Runo was last seen with an orange and green school backpack.  “An official report of a missing person has been made at Testing Ground Police Station, at Idi-Ape in Ibadan.”  "When we were searching for him, the garage boys told us on Saturday that they saw him on Wednesday at Iwo Road asking people how to get to Delta," he added.  The family appealed to the public that anyone with useful information which could lead to the whereabouts of the missing teenager should inform police personnel at the nearest station.  However, the family on Tuesday confirmed to SaharaReporters that the missing boy had been located in the Ondo local government area of Ondo State.  The family source said the boy was found on Monday and taken to a police station in Ondo by a good Samaritan.  "God is faithful, Runo has been found. Everything everyone did for us was useful and we appreciate it.  "My sincere gratitude to everyone who helped. They will all find favour. Don’t stop searching until you find. Learn to treat kids with care and love and respect. I wish I can say more," the family source added. 