This was captured in a video shared by The Nation via its verified Twitter handle showing how the protesters stormed major cities in Ore town, Ondo State, disrupting daily activities. Some angry residents on Friday blocked the Benin-Ore Highway while protesting against the persistent scarcity of Naira notes. This was captured in a video shared by The Nation via its verified Twitter handle showing how the protesters stormed major cities in Ore town, Ondo State, disrupting daily activities. Benin-Ore-Sagamu Expressway is a 492 km stretch dual-lane connecting Benin City to Ore town in Ondo State and Sagamu in Ogun State. It's a major route connecting the South-South part of Nigeria to the Southwest, and Northern parts of the country, through the Benin-Auchi axis. Many Nigerians are currently unable to obtain the new N200, N500, and N1,000 notes, due to scarcity. This has caused hardship for many Nigerians and businesses and led to violent protests in some cities. The Central Bank of Nigeria had fixed February 10 as the deadline for the exchange of old naira notes for newly redesigned ones after shifting the deadline from January 31 initially fixed as the deadline. To ease the situation, President Buhari ordered the Central Bank Governor to allow the old N200 (two hundred naira note) to circulate till April 10, 2023, when it would cease to be legal tender. However, the persistent scarcity of naira notes suggests that the president’s directive has not alleviated the hardship experienced by Nigerians regarding the policy. The protesters told NAN that the situation was taking a toll on them and their families. They lamented their inability to access cash from banking halls and Automated Teller Machines (ATMs). Mr. Kayode Akinbola, one of the protesters said: “This is indeed a hard time for us, the naira scarcity is taking a toll on me and my family, and this protest is to demonstrate that we are not happy over this situation.” Mr. Rotimi Akinluwa, another protester said he has money in the bank but cannot get it. “Even the Point of Sale (PoS) operators no longer have the cash even if you want to buy, this is so frustrating,” he said. Another protester, Mr. Bummi Adewole described President Buhari’s nationwide broadcast on Thursday as “the most frustrating one as he refused to heed to the yearnings of the masses in his broadcast.” “Buhari said they should re-circulate the N200 old notes, how many people will this satisfy, in fact, there is no solution on the way at all and the problem continues,” Adewole added. The spokesperson for the state police command, ASP Funmilayo Odunlami, said they would ensure there is no breakdown of law and order.