Buhari on November 23, 2022, unveiled the redesigned N200, N500, and N1,000 notes. President Muhammadu Buhari has urged citizens to give him seven days to resolve the cash crunch that has become a problem across the country from the policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria to swap old Naira notes with newly redesigned ones.  Buhari on November 23, 2022, unveiled the redesigned N200, N500, and N1,000 notes.  With a few days before the deadline for the expiration of the old notes, there is a scarcity of new notes as some banks ration cash to customers seeking to withdraw money.  Buhari in a statement issued by his media aide, Garba Shehu on Friday, said he would need one week to take a major decision on resolving the issue.  The statement said the President’s request comes after a meeting he held with members of the Progressive Governors Forum, comprising governors belonging to the ruling All Progressives Congress party, at the State House.  Buhari gave indications that he would within seven days resolve the cash crunch plaguing Nigerians as a result of the policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria.  The statement read, “Speaking to the Progressive Governors Forum who came to the Presidential Villa to seek solutions to the cash crunch which they said was threatening the good records of the administration in transforming the economy.  “President Buhari said the currency re-design will give a boost to the economy and provide long-term benefits while expressing doubts about the commitment of banks in particular to the success of the policy. “Some banks are inefficient and only concerned about themselves,” said the President, adding that “even if a year is added, problems associated with selfishness and greed won’t go away."  “He said he had seen television reports about cash shortages and hardship to local businesses and ordinary people and gave assurances that the balance of seven of the 10-day extension will be used to crack down on whatever stood in the way of successful implementation.  “I will revert to the CBN and the Minting Company. There will be a decision one way or the other in the remaining seven days of the 10-day extension,” the President assured.  “The Governors told the President that, while they agreed that his decision on the renewal of currency was good and they are fully in support, its execution had been botched and their constituents were becoming increasingly upset.  “They told the President that, as leaders of the government and party in their different states, they were becoming anxious about a slump in the economy and the series of elections that are coming. They requested the President to use his powers to direct the concurrent flourish of the new and old notes till the end of the year.  “The President said when he considered giving the approval to the policy, he demanded an undertaking from the CBN that no new notes will be printed in a foreign country and they in turn gave him assurances that there was enough capacity, manpower and equipment to print the currency for local needs. He said he needed to go back to find out what was actually happening.  “President Buhari told the Governors that, being closer to the people, he had heard their cries and will act in a way that there will be a solution.” 