Oil theft has remained a source of concern to the government, with huge revenue diverted to the pockets of the perpetrators. The Federal Government’s Special Investigative Panel on Oil Theft/Losses has called for deliberate conversations to drive legal reforms that would provide stiffer penalties to culpable entities involved in oil theft. Oil theft has remained a source of concern to the government, with huge revenue diverted to the pockets of the perpetrators.  The Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited had raised the alarm over the level of revenue loss to oil theft.  “Every two days, you are talking of almost $150 million down the drain, that’s what the nation is losing as we speak,” the national oil company had said.  The Senate committee investigating oil theft and its consequent damage to the country’s economy said Nigeria lost N1.3 trillion ($2 billion) to oil theft between January and August 2022.  The Nigerian Upstream Petroleum Regulatory Commission (NUPRC) also said about 1.2 million barrels of oil were shut-in consistently due to the menace in the country.  Speaking on Tuesday in Abuja at a One-Day Stakeholders Conference on Oil Theft/Losses, Chairman of the Panel and Interim Administrator of the Presidential Amnesty Programme PAP Maj. Gen. Barry Ndiomu (retd), said "frank discussions" must be held to enable the country "crack the code" and put an end to the "criminal enterprise" of oil theft.  He regretted that the menace of oil theft has had enormous negative impact on Nigeria's crude oil production, plunging output to a 13-year low of 800,000bpd.  Ndiomu reiterated that strategic consultations have been held with state governments of the Niger Delta region and other critical stakeholders to that effect.  He thus advocated for application of modern technologies to protect oil assets, and a review of security architecture in the region with a view to stem the "sophisticated network of complicity between elements from the host communities, security agencies and industry players".  While declaring the Conference open, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo noted that the oil and gas industry is facing a serious threat, as crude oil theft which happens on a large scale, is sabotaging government efforts.  Osinbajo who noted that organised oil theft does not happen without the involvement of critical state institutions, said the Federal Government must now take up the task of continually engaging host communities to douse their grievances.  "It is important to sit down with these local communities to engage and talk to them. So that we are able to understand what is going on and proffer solutions. We must hold people in authority to account on what is going on," he said.  The Vice President further urged host communities to desist from attacking oil installations in the region, adding that continuous occurrence of crude oil theft threatens the credibility of the government.  National Security Adviser (NSA) Maj. Gen. Babagana Monguno (retd) observed that the problem of oil theft has degenerated to disturbing levels.  "This is because the criminals have now increased the level of sophistication, considering the various methods they employ to tap primary pipelines with illegal secondary pipes to load on barges and sell to international collaborators, or to process locally for illicit domestic sale," he said.  He expressed government's commitment to address the issues of oil theft with a comprehensive approach, adding that crude oil theft is arguably the biggest issue in Nigeria.  The NSA noted that so far, 83 oil tankers involved in crude oil theft have been arrested, while theft of over 3 million barrels of crude oil have been prevented, and 11 million litres of petrol and diesel recovered.  Similarly, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Slyva alluded to the monumental drop in crude oil production and loss of revenue due to widescale theft and oil assets vandalism.  He added that concerted efforts by government in securing oil assets is yielding positive results, and that the tempo will be sustained to achieve the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) quota.