Ortom, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, is contesting the election in the Benue North-West senatorial district. Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has vowed to support the presidential ambition of the Labour Party, presidential candidate, Mr Peter Obi, even if such decision will cost his senatorial ambition if it will ensure his victory. Ortom, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, is contesting the election in the Benue North-West senatorial district. He is also a member of aggrieved governors of PDP who have vowed not to support the presidential candidate of the party, Atiku Abubakar unless the National Chairman of the party, Senator Iyiochia Ayu resigned the position for Southern. SaharaReporters had reported that Ortom had in early January endorsed Obi for president after months of refusal to support the PDP presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar.  However, Benue governor reiterated his support for the former Anambra State governor while addressing members of the Igbo community in the state on Monday.  In a video address of the governor seen by SaharaReporters on Tuesday morning, Governor Ortom said, “For me, it’s not even that I’m contesting an election. Yes, the form was bought for me by the people of Benue State. I’ve gone round; they have accepted that they will vote (for) me. “But if I’m to sacrifice my senatorial ambition for Peter Obi to win, so shall it be. “I know that if people are connected in this world, they are the Igbo. This is the opportunity you have to say that an Igbo man from the South-East is president.”  Given reasons while he identified with those who believed in the unity of Nigeria, said it was for this reason that he accommodates everybody and working together with everyone.  “So, let us not miss this opportunity that God himself is providing. The youths have told me, my own people have told me – stakeholders here, traditional rulers, party people across party lines. Obi’s matter is not about APC or PDP or SDP or any other party. It’s about Nigeria.”  Speaking to the crowd, he told them that they have the population, adding that they should thank God for “what is unfolding”.  He described Obi as a species that is not bound by ethnicity.  “That is why when I hear some prominent Igbo personalities castigating Peter Obi for contesting the election – is it not you people that have been saying you have been marginalised since after the war?  “The opportunity has come today and you’re still complaining. What do you want? What are you looking for?  “The whole country – North, South, East, and West – are saying Peter Obi, and you hear some people say, ‘We don’t want it.’ Haba. Those people should be outcasts.”  