SaharaReporters earlier reported that gunmen suspected to be political thugs on Wednesday night shot and killed the senatorial candidate, in what political pundits believed was politically motivated killing. The police in Enugu State, Southeast Nigeria have launched a manhunt for the killers of the Enugu East Senatorial candidate of the Labour Party, Oyibo Chukwu, for Saturday's election.  SaharaReporters earlier reported that gunmen suspected to be political thugs on Wednesday night shot and killed the senatorial candidate, in what political pundits believed was politically motivated killing.  The assailants also killed other occupants of his vehicle and set them ablaze.  Reacting in a statement after a visit to the incident scene, at Ebony Paint Road and Eke-Otu both in Amechi-Awkunanaw, Enugu South LGA, on Thursday, the state police commissioner, Ahmed Ammani, condemned the killings, describing the deadly attack as unacceptable in a modern democracy.  In a statement, the State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Daniel Ndukwe, issued after the visit, the command identified members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and its militant arm, Eastern Security Network (ESN) as being behind the attack without providing any evidence.  Ndukwe said that the police commissioner had ordered the intensification of discreet investigations and manhunt of the subversive criminal elements, suspected to be IPOB/ESN renegades.  According to the statement, the assailants on Wednesday night "at different locations, ambushed and simultaneously attacked and murdered People's Democratic Party (PDP) and Labour Party (LP) members, and also attempted to attack the convoy of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Governorship Candidate." The police spokesperson said the commissioner had commiserated with the parties and family members of the deceased, vowing to ensure that the perpetrators are fished out and brought to justice.  While he reaffirmed the undiluted commitment of the police and other security agencies to put in place adequate security for a peaceful and credible elections in the state, the police chief appealed to Enugu citizens not to succumb to the cowardly antics of the hoodlums, which is aimed at creating fear and disrupting the electoral process.  Ndukwe said that preliminary investigation into the incidents showed that the armed hoodlums, operating in a tricycle, attacked a “PDP campaign Mini Bus at Topland by Ebony Paint Road, Amechi-Awkunanaw Enugu and used petrol bomb to set it ablaze, burning to death its driver, simply identified as one KC Great (male)”.  "In a similar fashion, another set of the same armed assailants, operating in a Hilux vehicle, attacked and set ablaze the campaign vehicle of the Labour Party, at Eke-Otu Amechi-Awkunanaw Enugu, burning to death the Party's Senatorial Candidate for Enugu East Senatorial District, Barr. Oyibo Chukwu (male) and his Personal Assistant (male) with him in the vehicle.  "However, the miscreants were repelled by Security Operatives while attempting to also attack the convoy of the Governorship Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) at Eke, Agbani, Nkanu West LGA," Ndukwe said.  Reply allReplyForward