The Oyo State chapter of the African Action Congress has expelled its governorship candidate, Mojeed Kehinde Okedara from the party. The governorship candidate was expelled over gross violation of the party’s constitution. A letter addressed to Okedara and signed by the state chairman, Kayode Babayomi, read, “Following the Party’s query to you dated the 16th of February 2023 and the request to explain within 24 hours, (which you responded to after the 24 hour window had expired) giving your reasons why disciplinary actions should not be taken against you, we acknowledge your response dated 18/2/2023 and you also acknowledged the state working committee resolutions dated 21/02/2023 (which you didn’t respond to till 24 hours window expired). “However, after deep examination of your activities by the party executives, it was noted that the way you were handling our party affairs was not in line with rule of conduct as our party constitution stipulates. You also did not recognize the leadership of the executives, but attempted to hoist on the party elements identified as usurpers of our party. “You also did not recognise or promote the Chairman and presidential candidate of our great party, Omoyele Sowore, just to mention a few of your infractions. The SEC finds you guilty of insubordination and anti-party activities that are not only contrary to Section 10(a), (b) and (c) of the Party's Constitution but are punishable under Section 80, Sub-section 2 (a), (b), (c) (d) and (e). “Consequently, the State Executive Committee relying on the power vested in it by Section 81, Sub- Section 3 and in line with Section81,Sub-section2(a)of the Constitution of the Party, here by expel you from the Party with immediate effect. “You are therefore advised to cease from further transactions on behalf of the Party as the African Action Congress will not be held liable over any breach or infraction. You may wish to appeal this decision as guaranteed by the Party’s Constitution.” The party had earlier expelled four of its governorship candidates: Iboro Otu, Akwa Ibom; Ray Kene, Enugu; Ahmed Aliyu, Kwara and Dr. David Joel Charima, Taraba. The concerned state chapters of the AAC expelled the candidates after they refused to reply to queries issued to them within the stipulated period. Their actions or inactions were deemed to be “insubordination” to the party’s constitution and punishable under the same law.  Governorship candidate of Taraba State was queried for engaging in anti-party activities but he ignored the query, prompting his expulsion. Similarly, in Akwa Ibom State, Otu disregarded a query bordering on “gross violation of the constitution, set rules, and directives of the African Action Congress.” The expelled candidates were “advised to desist from further transacting any business whatsoever on behalf of the Party or parading” themselves as its representatives.