One of his revolutionary acts was making sure the Independent Nuisance Electoral Criminals (INEC) are professionals to the core. He appointed someone as the chairman of INEC who is not only a university professor but who had successfully conducted similar elections both in heaven and hell. The angels and the devil gave him a five-star rating. I’m sick and tired of these Mumusvillians. No one can satisfy them. They have the best form of democracy in the world. They have changed to a new economy - trade by barter. Their 120-year-old ex-President presided over their country as a benevolent grandpa. He gave them his all. He gave them everything he promised them. He left the country better than he met it.  One of his revolutionary acts was making sure the Independent Nuisance Electoral Criminals (INEC) are professionals to the core. He appointed someone as the chairman of INEC who is not only a university professor but who had successfully conducted similar elections both in heaven and hell. The angels and the devil gave him a five-star rating.  Mumusvillians, you cried to INEC saying “we want thugs to conduct our election.” Your prayers were granted. You asked that elections be held at different locations, different days, and at different times. Your request was granted. You said your grandpa president should divulge the party and the candidate he voted for. He did just that. You said INEC must ensure that ballot boxes are snatched and carted away for safekeeping. INEC did that. You instructed INEC that some ballot papers must be torn, missing, mutilated, and dumped in the lagoon. INEC said “you got it.”  The elections have delivered the expected outcome — a victory for the winning party with greater numbers than was perhaps anticipated. INEC delivered all it promised: 1. Election results were ready within 24 hours. 2. The election was free and fair meaning all the thugs of the political parties had free hands to operate by snatching ballot boxes, intimidating voters, changing voting figures, killing voters, burning polling stations, etc. 3. Election results were transmitted electronically in the Mumusvillian way - manual counting of votes. 4. INEC accounted for all PVCs. None was missing. All registered voters exercised their civic rights painlessly, conveniently, and comfortably.  Just as the decision of the third umpire is final on the cricket fiend, so is the decision of INEC the ‘third umpire’ in Mumusvillian politics - final and binding! Mumusvillians, what more do you want from Independent Nuisance Electoral Criminals (INEC)?  bjoluwasanmi@gnail.com 