A 7.8 magnitude earthquake had torn through Turkey with a ripple effect in neighbouring Syria.  The Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI) has called for rapid search-and-rescue operations following the recent earthquakes that affected Turkey and Syria. The JNI is a coalition of most Islamic organisations, mainly in Northern Nigeria. It is headed by the Sultan of Sokoto, Saad Abubakar III. A 7.8 magnitude earthquake had torn through Turkey with a ripple effect in neighbouring Syria. Shockwaves were also felt in Cyprus, Egypt, Israel, and Lebanon. The death toll from the devastating earthquakes has surpassed 20,000. The tremors affected Southern Turkey and Northern Syria and most of the Mediterranean region. Dr. Khalid Abubakar Aliyu, Secretary of JNI in a statement commiserated with the governments and people of both Turkey and Syria. Aliyu urged Nigerian Muslims to “generously donate to the victims, either in cash or kind for onward conveyance through their respective embassies.” The statement read, “Having followed and closely monitored the devastating earthquake that befell Turkey and Syria, Jama'atu Nasril Islam (JNI) under the leadership of His Eminence, the Sultan of Sokoto and the President- General, JNI, commiserates with the government and people of Turkey and Syria. Indeed the two countries and by extension the world has witnessed a very demoralizing happenstance. This could be one of the world's most terrifying trials that must have occurred in recent history. “Nevertheless, JNI calls on the international communities to increase rescue support and humanitarian gestures to the affected provinces of the two countries. Likewise, the Nigerian Muslims are implored to donate generously towards ameliorating the sufferings of the Turkish and the Syrian people. “Indeed the quake reminds man that he is, but only a created being and within a twinkle of an eye, events of one could change, just as we are now witnessing of the Turkish and Syrian people. The quake is a similitude of what Allah says in Q22:1-2 "O mankind! Fear your Lord and be dutiful to Him! Verily, the earthquake of the Hour (of Judgement) is a terrible thing. The Day you shall see it, every nursing mother will forget her nursing and every pregnant one will drop her load, and you shall see mankind as in a drunken state, yet they will not be drunken, but severe will be the Torment of Allah. “Therefore, His Eminence, Alhaji Muhammad Sa'ad Abubakar, CFR, mni, urges that the Nigerian Muslims do generously donate to the victims, either in cash or kind for onward conveyance through their respective embassies. Such donations could also be sent to the JNI National Headquarters, Kaduna, in that regard below is the account details for those willing to donate in cash, for the sake of Allah and update will be provided accordingly. “More so, all Jumu'ah mosques are by this statement directed to collate same and forward to JNI National Headquarters appropriately. They are to also deliver sermons on the need for humanitarian support please. “We pray to Allah, the Most High, to pardon and forgive all who have lost their lives and may they all be counted amongst the martyrs, the injured be granted quick recovery and for those who have lost valuables may they recompensed in the best way. Amin.” 