The PDP further stated that Fubara will continue the works of incumbent governor of the state, Nyesom Wike. The Peoples Democratic Party in Rivers has said that the state will soon be among the most developed places in the country going by the transformation it has projected for the months ahead.  According to the party, residents of Rivers will enjoy more dividends of democracy with rapid development along all spheres immediately its governorship candidate, Siminalayi Fubara, wins the March 11, 2023 election in the state.  The PDP further stated that Fubara will continue the works of incumbent governor of the state, Nyesom Wike, whom they said his projects had improved the quality of life of Rivers people.  In a statement on Monday, Director of New Media, PDP Campaign Council for Rivers State Governorship Election, Ibim Semenitari, said that Fubara will invest in infrastructure to underpin a stronger economy, improve security and capacity development in the oil-rich state as soon as he mounts the saddle of leadership.  The statement reads, “Fubara has a proven track record of public service having served meritoriously nearing two decades, rising to become Accountant-General of Rivers State.  “He has a clear understanding of the issues facing Rivers State and a vision to create an even better future for its people. He has the experience and the dedication to ensure that the dividends of democracy are sustained and improved upon.  “He is committed to creating a more prosperous future for the people of Rivers and achieving the goals of inclusive development and greater economic opportunities.  “A professional to the core with an unwavering commitment to economic development that is driven by innovativeness and intellectual capacity,  “Fubara's mission to revolutionise Rivers State is clear – to empower the youth, provide economic opportunities for women, and create a secure and prosperous future.  “He plans to achieve this by investing in energy solutions to tackle electricity issues, installing CCTV cameras and drones to combat insecurity, reforming the public sector through industrialisation, creating more jobs, and improving social infrastructure and healthcare.  “By implementing these measures, Fubara hopes to transform Rivers State into a modern, vibrant, and secure environment that enables its citizens to thrive.  “His impeccable character, transparency, and discipline are remarkable, and having gone through the EFCC’s scrutiny of allegations of financial impropriety unscathed, he is truly integrity-personified.  “His indication of interest to pilot the affairs of Rivers people for the next four years is an opportunity that cannot be missed.”  Since Nigeria’s return to democracy in 1999, the PDP has won every governorship election in Rivers State with an estimated population of over 9.5million people.  In November 2013, ex-governor of the state, Rotimi Amaechi, decamped to the All Progressives Congress during his second term in office after he had some political differences with the leadership of the PDP.  