Rhodes-Vivour, who stated this on Wednesday at the state electoral college governorship debate, promised that his government would create a systematic framework that would enable his government to monitor all forms of irregularities in the realm of people’s affairs. The governorship candidate of the Labour Party in Lagos State, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour, has explained how his administration will solve police brutalities and social injustices in the state. Rhodes-Vivour, who stated this on Wednesday at the state electoral college governorship debate, promised that his government would create a systematic framework that would enable his government to monitor all forms of irregularities in the realm of people’s affairs. He said, “Social justice is extremely important for us, it is one of the pillars on which we are going to build the new Lagos and social justice to us is also all about restoring the value for the Lagosian lives and this comes with monitoring, this comes with consequences and enforcement. This even goes to hospitals where you can bring a person, but they just watch this person dying in the reception, to act effectively because they are no consequences to medical negligence. “We are also going to make the DPP, Directorate of Public Prosecution robust, and there will be commission under it that will outline places that you can call to report police brutality and any incidence like this, medical negligence, police brutality. And any issue that challenges social justice.” Despite widespread protests two years ago against the police’s controversial Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), police brutality in the country is far from gone. For instance, SaharaReporters had reported how a Nigerian policeman shot dead a legal practitioner, Mrs Omobolanle Raheem, while she was returning home from a Christmas service at Ajah Under-bridge. Ajah is a popular area in Lagos, along the Lekki-Epe Expressway. The police officer who shot the lawyer on Sunday, Christmas Day, is reportedly attached to Ajiwe Police Station. SaharaReporters learnt that after killing Omobolanle Raheem, the trigger-happy policeman fled the scene with his colleagues before another set of policemen later came and took her remains to a mortuary in the Yaba area of the state and vanished. 