Operatives of the secret police, Department of State Services (DSS) have also put the coordinator on their watchlist. Human rights and pro-democracy group, Take It Back Movement (TIB), Oyo State chapter has accused security operatives of planning to arrest its coordinator, Comrade Solomon Emiola over Wednesday’s protest against the paucity of naira notes.  According to a statement by a member of the group, Dimeji Salako, a Nigerian Army officer identified as Major U.K Egbo during the protest, threatened that he would have arrested Emiola if not for the number of people present there.  He added that the operatives of the secret police, Department of State Services (DSS) have also put the coordinator on their watchlist.  The statement read, “It has come to our notice that the coordinator of the Take-It-Back Movement, Oyo state in the person of Com. Solomon Emiola is being watched by officers of the Nigerian Army Barracks, Odogbo, Ojoo Ibadan.  “One officer named Major U.K Egbo further affirmed it today when he met with our Comrade Solomon at the barricade and he threatened to pick him up if not for the number of the people present. We also have it on good authority that the Oyo state commissioner of police in the person of CP Adebowale Williams is part of this evil act to kidnap our coordinator.  “First it was the DSS and now the army too has joined in chasing after the activist. It is really heartbreaking and saddening seeing our security agencies becoming something else right under our noses, is the army that jobless now that it is protesters and activists they are now running after all over the place? Are there no serious job(s) for our military to do in our borders and other places where insecurity is ravaging the country that activists are now their problem?  “We want to say this unequivocally that should anything happen to our dear coordinator, the Nigerian Army will be held responsible. If Comrade Solomon Emiola should have a scratch, talk more of an injury on him going forward, Major U.K Egbo and Odogbo army barracks will be held responsible.  “Com Solomon Emiola is a treasure and a true son of the soil hence he must be protected at all costs. He is an activist, not a terrorist; the Nigerian Army should get themselves off his back.  “All we want in the Take it Back Movement (TIB) is a nation that works for all, not the one that the Army will be running after us like some terrorist.”  For days, Nigerians have been battling with the scarcity of naira notes, a development that has led to long queues at banking halls and galleries of automated teller machines (ATMs).  The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) had given a deadline of January 31 for the use of old naira notes but it was extended to February 10.  On February 8, the Supreme Court temporarily restrained the Nigerian government from banning the use of the old naira notes from February 10, 2023, pending the hearing of the matter on February 15.  Despite the court’s order, Emefiele insisted on the deadline.  On Wednesday, the apex court adjourned the hearing of the case brought against the CBN on the policy to Wednesday, February 22.  The stance of the CBN has triggered confusion as filling stations, supermarkets, and other business owners have continued to reject the old naira notes. 