Orodata developed the platform, MyCandidate, where Nigerians can get information about every candidate at all levels and all states.  A civic technology organisation, Orodata Science, has launched an application ahead of the 2023 general elections which allows Nigerians to know all the presidential candidates, down to the state House of Assembly candidates particular to their locations. Orodata developed the platform, MyCandidate, where Nigerians can get information about every candidate at all levels and all states. According to a statement by the organisation on Friday in Abuja, the app was developed in partnership with Open Cities Lab. The Program Lead, Uche Oti, said bringing the initiative before the elections in Nigeria will have an impact on voters’ knowledge and enable them make better decisions on who deserves their votes. He said: "MyCandidate Nigeria is an essential resource for making your voice heard in the 2023 Nigerian general elections. We encourage all citizens to use this platform and to make an informed choice about who will lead their country for the next four years. With MyCandidate Nigeria, citizens can feel confident in their voting decisions, knowing that they have the necessary information and resources to make an educated choice." The statement added: "As general election day is right on our doorsteps. Nigerians are waiting to make an informed choice on who will be at the helm of power for the next four years, but the news space has been dominated by the leading presidential candidates and they are not the only ones coming to the ballot. "While it is essential to know all the presidential candidates and what they are willing to offer, it is also crucial to know who is contesting to have a seat at the Senate and House of Representatives chambers to make laws and also checkmate the president. "The same goes for the sub national elections, the governorship and House of Assembly. Many Nigerians are only aware of the leading candidate willing to sit at the executive arm of government. This practice has done more harm than good to the people of Nigeria. “While those contesting for the parliamentary seats hide under the covers of their political party, they also have a role to play in nation building and the communities they represent have a right to know what development they are willing to bring to them.” “The platform has two key features; ‘Locate me’ and ‘Address search’. Users who visit are met by a large ‘Locate me’ button which upon clicking, prompts them to ‘allow MyCandidate’ to access their location. Users are to click ‘allow’ which then brings out their exact coordinate, address details showing their state, senatorial district and local government area. Users are able to see a list of all candidates from Presidency, the Senate, Governorship and House of Representatives elections,” he added. 