In a video seen by SaharaReporters, Tinubu a few days ago during the rally said, “No matter what our opponent do (sic), you take your PVC on the 25th of January. Just go to the votes with your PVC, on top president, APC.” The presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressive Congress(APC), Bola Tinubu, has made yet another gaffe during his presidential campaign rally in Kebbi State when he urged his supporters to vote for him “on January 25.” In a video seen by SaharaReporters, Tinubu a few days ago during the rally said, “No matter what our opponent do (sic), you take your PVC on the 25th of January. Just go to the votes with your PVC, on top president, APC.” WATCH: Tinubu @officialABAT Commits Another Blunder In Kebbi, Tells Supporters To Vote On 25th January pic.twitter.com/cdL9Lr8j6C — Sahara Reporters (@SaharaReporters) February 18, 2023 Meanwhile, the presidential and National Assembly elections would on February 25, according to the Independent National Electoral Commission and not January 25 as misquoted by Tinubu. This is not the first time the former Lagos governor would make a public blunder. Tinubu had recently said Nigerian students would spend eight years for their tertiary education if he was elected as the country’s president in the forthcoming elections. The former Lagos State Governor stated this at the APC presidential rally in Osogbo on February 2, 2023, telling students to call him a bastard if he didn’t fulfil his promise. In Nigeria, the average undergraduate programme in a Nigerian university lasts four years, excluding strikes by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). “Call me a bastard if you spend more than eight years in higher institution. You will spend eight years in school”, Tinubu said in Yoruba language. This gaffe is one of several reasons why many Nigerians have expressed concerns about Tinubu's health and mental fitness to lead a country of over 200 million people. The camp of former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar had recently said that the “constant gaffes” of Tinubu were embarrassing. The opposition party said in Tinubu’s rally in Akwa Ibom, the APC flag bearer goofed about calling Atiku a Senate President though his opponent never contested any legislative election. Shaibu pointed out that the former Lagos governor's gaffes and blunders are "effects of his failing health," posing a threat to national security. The aide recalled Tinubu's remarks about recruiting 50 million youths into the Army to solve the unemployment problem, as well as his advice to Nigerians to renew their Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) before they expired. The Atiku camp said such errors at meetings with world leaders would negatively affect Nigeria’s image because “the Bola Tinubu who served as governor is different now”. 