A statement issued on Tuesday in Yola by the spokesperson for the police in Adamawa state, Suleiman Nguroje, said, "All local security groups like Hunters, Vigilantes, Civilian JTF amongst others are restricted from carrying out election activities. The Nigeria Police Force has banned vigilantes, hunters and other auxiliary security groups from participating in the 2023 general elections. A statement issued on Tuesday in Yola by the spokesperson for the police in Adamawa state, Suleiman Nguroje, said, "All local security groups like Hunters, Vigilantes, Civilian JTF amongst others are restricted from carrying out election activities. "Adamawa State Police Command in conjunction with sister security agencies reiterate commitment towards ensuring conducive and enabling environment for the 2023 general elections. "On the strength of that, the Commissioner of Police, CP Afolabi Babatola engaged in tactical meetings with Various Security Commanders and made strategic arrangement and Decisions to achieve Credible electoral process in the state. "There will be restriction of Vehicular Movement from 0700hrs to 1700hrs of 25th February, 2023 except for those on essential services.  "No roaming about polling units after voting, all voters are enjoined to go back to their respective homes after casting their votes and await the declaration of election results.  "No Carrying of Banners/ Posters of political parties on election day.  "In furtherance of the above, the Police Boss while demonstrating his preparedness towards a hitch-free and credible general elections, hereby directs for Stop and Search exercise to be intensified at Boarder areas, tasks all police personnel and other law enforcement agencies deployed for this national assignment to operate within the extant laws guiding the conduct of the election and respect the rule of Law.  "Finally, the CP enjoins all citizens of the State to cooperate with security personnel and give timely information to the police to ensure successful conduct of the exercise. In addition, they are advised to discharge their civic responsibility of reporting to the police any form of misconduct via  these emergency numbers." 