Chika narrated that he was hit by a stray bullet by a soldier during his time as an undergraduate, an incident which resulted in the amputation of his leg. A Nigerian man, identified as Emmanuel Chika, has tackled the Nigerian Army for not paying N200million awarded against the military for him for the reckless shooting of his leg in 2017. Chika narrated that he was hit by a stray bullet by a soldier during his time as an undergraduate, an incident which resulted in the amputation of his leg. He said, “This is just a gentle reminder. In 2017 I was hit by a stray bullet from a reckless soldier while  I was heading to school for my final year exams, which lead to the amputation of my left limb, I took the case to court with the help of my lawyer we sued the Nigerian Army for 200million naira. “For Breach of my fundamental Rights, five years later I won the case as the judge ordered @HQNigerianArmy to compensate me with immediate effect, it is 6 years now and I am yet to be compensated. Kindly help me tag them till they see this,” he said. For Breach of my fundamental Rights, 5years later I won the case the judge ordered @HQNigerianArmy to compensate me with immediate effect, it's 6 years now and I am yet to be compensated. Kindly help me rt and tag them till they see this.#JusticeForEmmanuel pic.twitter.com/W6Mji1H5Rv — EMMANUEL CHIKA (@Emmanuelchikaa) February 3, 2023 He added that despite the court judgement, he was yet to receive any compensation from the army, whether for his awarded damages or his hospital bills. “@HQNigerianArmy never gave me any money or even cared to pay for my hospital bills,” he added. Meanwhile, in a press statement released by the Nigerian Army in response to Chika’s story, they admitted that one of their operatives mistakenly released a bullet on the day of the incident and claimed that the Nigerian Army would not be vicariously liable for what the officer did. The statement reads: “I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of complaint dated 19 July 2019 on behalf of Emmanuel Madubuezi on the above subject matter. Investigation into the case revealed that Corporal Augustine Jacob and 11 soldiers were deployed to Stalling Oil Company to provide protection for the property and premises. That on the day of the incident, One Mr Amadi illegally procured the services of the corporal and four other soldiers to settle a fracas at his Bet9ja shop at Big Tree Market in Port Harcourt. On arrival at the Bet9ja office, the corporal went upstairs while the other soldiers remained downstairs and it was at this point that a bullet was released from one of the soldiers downstairs. “Furthermore, investigation revealed that the action of the soldier 'who mistakenly pulled the trigger resulted into the shooting of Mr Emmanuel. Additionally, that he was taken to Life Fort Hospital but could not be admitted due to limited bed space and then to Braitheweite and Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital before his leg was amputated at Holy Trinity Hospital on the 25 September 2017. “It is imperative to point out that the soldier’s conduct was highly unprofessional but they were acting on a frolic of their own. They were detailed to Stalling Oil Coy and not the Bet9ja store and his action amounted to disobedience of standing orders amongst others for which he has been duly charged and remanded for by a court martial. Additionally, the Nigerian Army cannot be vicariously liable for the actions of its personnel when they act on a frolic of their own. Most importantly, the offence is one that is criminal in nature as it involves the soldier and the state for which he has been accordingly charged. The outcome of the trial will be communicated to you accordingly.” 