Accusing some forces in government in the state of planning to assassinate Odii, the community appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari and security agencies to urgently intervene and avert any tragedy. The people of Isuokoma in Ebonyi State have alleged that the life of their son and governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Dr Ifeanyi Odii is in grave danger. Accusing some forces in government in the state of planning to assassinate Odii, the community appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari and security agencies to urgently intervene and avert any tragedy. Some leaders of Isuokoma community made the call in a petition made available to journalists in Enugu on Tuesday. They alleged that since their Odii secured the ticket of the governorship ticket of the PDP in the state, Governor David Umahi and his agents have been threatening their people.  The petition was jointly signed by Mr. John Njoku, President-General of Isuokoma; Mr. Sunday Igne, the Youth President of Isuokoma; Chief Tony Anoke, Diaspora Leader of Isuokoma; Chief Augustine Okoro, Coordinator of Isuokoma West Africa and Mr Obasi Onu, Abakaliki Branch Chairman of Isuokoma. Titled: “Gov. Umahi’s persistent threats to Chief Ifeanyi Odii," the petition reads in part, “We, the people of Isuokoma, view with much concern, trepidation and agony the worrisome persistent unveiled verbal attacks and threats to the life of our son, High Chief Dr. Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii, by the Governor of Ebonyi State, Engr. David Nweze Umahi. “Governor Umahi has (they alleged) in various forms and forums, glaringly demonstrated crass hatred and animosity against Dr. Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii, following his aspiration and subsequent nomination as the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial standard bearer in the 2023 governorship election in Ebonyi State. “We had ignored and taken with a pinch of salt the unprovoked dehumanising jibes aimed at Dr. Odii by Engr. Umahi. We continually dismissed Governor Umahi’s aspersions on the personality of Chief Odii as the ranting and whining of an uncomfortable player in a tough contest. “There is no doubt that the recent outburst of Governor Umahi against security chiefs and agencies in Ebonyi State, in which he threatened to block and attack the convoys of opposition candidates in the State, was clearly targeted at our son, High Chief Dr. Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii. “We are aware that Engr. Umahi has, in his characteristic uncivil manner, commanded the security agencies in the State to withdraw the security personnel attached to opposition candidates.  “We see this as the Governor’s desperate attempt to clear his way to have an easy ride to kill our son, High Chief Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii. This latest show of acrimony jolted us to consciousness to give the Governor’s machination and treachery the deserved serious attention, consideration and publicity. “It is no longer news that Governor Dave Umahi formed the Ebubeagu militia which he has utilised as a political tool to cow opposition to submission in order to perpetuate his unpopular political influence in Ebonyi State. “From the build-up to Governor Umahi’s first tenure in office as Governor till now, murder is a recurrent decimal in Ebonyi State. Many people were gruesomely murdered in 2022 in Isuokoma, including the Palace Secretary, Chief Odii Nwachima; the President-General of Isuokoma Town Uninion, Dr. Ifeanyi Anthony Orji; Alhaji Iyioji, an Islamic cleric from Isuokoma; Chief Augustine Nwadibia, the owner of Galaxy Hotel at Nkwoagu Isu market; among others. “Mr. Henry Ezeani, one of the security aides to High Chief Dr. Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii, was also murdered in the bloody attack at Galaxy Hotel Nkwoagu Isu. The King of Isu community, HRH Ambrose Ogbu, and Mrs. Juliana Uzor were also kidnapped in 2022 and they are still missing many months after their abduction. “The sobering but revealing reality is that these murders and cases of kidnapping happened in Isuokoma when it became clear that our son, High Chief Dr. Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii was waxing strong enough to clinch the governorship ticket of the PDP.” The Isuokoma leaders said they expected Umahi to reciprocate the support Odii gave to him in terms of funding and votes when he (Umahi) contested the governorship election in 2015 and 2019. “This is a desperate attempt to consign Isuokoma to the political waste bin,” the community leaders said in the petition sent to President Buhari and various security agencies in the country.  When contacted for reaction, the Special Assistant to Governor Umahi on Documentation, Mr. Francis Nwaze, dismissed the allegations, saying political jobbers were behind it.  Nwaze said, “I don’t know where that thing is coming from; I don’t know who signed the said petition; people can just come together, sign any document. I wonder where the Governor is playing a role in such a matter.  “What I can always assure you is that this is political time; people are just looking for a brand they will dent and possibly use it to grow themselves.  “The Governor has been very openminded irrespective of the fact that he has developed the State; he has been playing politics of inclusiveness; a couple of days ago, the two major opposition parties in the State and at the national level, all of them were given the State’s stadium to come and do their rally, even the security of the people, the governor minuted to the commissioner of police to ensure that the people are secured.  “If the governor is against them, he may not have approved the State stadium, even in other States, the government may not release such a facility, but in Ebonyi State, the governor will just make it available.” 