Seun further stated that to lead a country, concrete plans and people who are completely dedicated to their country are needed. Seun Anikulapo-Kuti, Nigerian musician and son of the late afro-beat legend, Fela Anikulapo-Kuti, says his preferred candidate for the 2023 presidential election is Omoyele Sowore of the African Action Congress. Seun, who is the Chairman of the Movement of the people (MOP) disclosed this during an interview with Arise TV. According to him, Sowore is the best of the frontline presidential candidates available but he is being held back to campaign for him because of his movement. Other contenders in the election include Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress; Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party, Peter Obi of the Labour Party, Rabiu Kwankwaso of the New Nigeria People’s Party and Prince Adewole Adebayo of the Social Democratic Party. “It is impossible for me to have a candidate in the election that is not in my movement. I have been stopped by my organisation from campaigning or choosing any candidate. “What I have said though is that of all the candidates in this election, the one I prefer and think is the best is Omoyele Sowore,” he said. While speaking about Obi, the activist explained that he called the former governor an opportunist because that is what he is. He said that Obi saw that Nigerians were in urgent need of change and he decided to use that opportunity for his own good. Seun noted that although opportunism is a good thing in business, it should be frowned upon in politics. He explained that in politics, it is about the lives of the innocent people that will be led. Seun further stated that to lead a country, concrete plans and people who are completely dedicated to their country are needed. He explained that to make Nigeria great again, it has to be done with new people, not those that have plunged the country into the crisis it is facing. Seun and Peter Okoye of P-Square, also known as Mr P have been at loggerheads over the former’s dismissal of Obi’s candidacy and the ‘opportunist’ tag given to the candidate. In an interview with a media personality, Seun Okinbaloye, the activist described the Labour Party presidential candidate as an opportunist. He also said only Nigerians could save Nigeria; not Obi, who is the choice of Peter, aka Mr P. However, Okoye, who was not comfortable with Kuti’s statement, responded to him on Twitter. He wrote, “Dude just erased his father’s history. You said only the people of Nigeria can save Nigeria. Is Peter Obi and other candidates not Nigerians? Shame! Shame!! Shame!!!” Not one to take such things lying low; Seun made a series of posts on Instagram, accusing P-Square of campaigning for politicians. He also described Mr P as ‘talentless and a gimmick’. He wrote, “My father invented afrobeat and you all are on the train. If not for Fela, nobody would know either of you.” Responding, Mr P wrote, “My late father was a nobody, but today, everyone knows the Okoyes. Dude, try removing ‘Kuti’ from your name; let us know if anyone knows you. Remain in that your local shrine, while people like us and others continue excelling globally. You cannot shame the shameless.”