This directive was issued in response to the frequent container accidents that have resulted in the loss of many lives and the destruction of vehicles on the bridges. The Lagos State Government has banned the movement of articulated trucks on Ojuelegba and Dorman bridges. This directive was issued in response to the frequent container accidents that have resulted in the loss of many lives and the destruction of vehicles on the bridges.  This was stated in a letter addressed to the State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), by Hon. Sola Giwa, Special Adviser on Transportation, and dated February 6, 2023. It says any road users caught violating the rules would face the appropriate punishment. The letter reads: “Sequel to the frequent road accidents along Dorman Long and Ojuelegba Bridges as a result of the activities of articulated vehicles resulting to loss of lives and property in the State and in a bid to prevent further casualties, it is imperative for the State Government to restrict the articulated vehicles from the Dorma Long and Ojuelegba Bridges their movement to the State Logistics routes (Oshodi-Apapa Expressway) and under the bridge to link Ikorodu Road then connect Agege Motor Road. “Sadly, on Sunday, 29th, January, 2023 another tragedy which involved road accident occurred on the Ojuelegba bridge involving a container laden truck which fell of the bridge and crushed a commercial bus on the ground which claimed Nine (9) lives and several others injured. Specifically, the State Government has observed that the rising-curve of the bridge is not designed to allow passage of long, spacious and heavy vehicles. “In view of the foregoing, you are directed to apprehend articulated trucks that pass through Dorman Long and Ojuelegba bridges in accordance with pronouncement of the State Government, in a bid to reduce the spate of avoidable accidents occasioned by heavy duty and articulated trucks accessing the bridges in order to ensure safety, and security of lives and property across the State.”  