The incident occurred when gunmen attacked Awada Police Station in the Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State at about 2:20a.m with Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs). A combined unit of security personnel of the Nigeria Police Force, Anambra State Command and Nigeria Army on Monday killed three suspected members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and its armed wing, Eastern Security Network (ESN). The Anambra State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, who made this known in a statement obtained by SaharaReporters, said that the combined security operatives also arrested two suspects, recovered three Kalashnikov rifles, one pump action gun, suspected stolen automobiles and other things. According to the police spokesperson, the incident occurred when gunmen attacked Awada Police Station in the Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State at about 2:20a.m with Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs). "In response to the attack, police operatives attached to Anambra State Command engaged the assailants jointly with troops from 302 Artillery Regiment of the Nigeria Army, in a gun duel and three members of the outlawed IPOB/ESN were fatally wounded while three Kalashnikov rifles and one Automatic Pump Action gun were recovered from them. "Other items recovered from the assailants include a brown Lexus 330 with reg no. GWA 415BB ABJ, one unregistered KYMCO motorcycle suspected to be stolen properties, charms and other incriminating items. "During a mop-up operation by police/military operatives, two male suspects reasonably believed to have participated in the attack were apprehended. "Regrettably, four police operatives paid the supreme price while a section of the station, one police patrol vehicle and three exhibit vehicles parked in the premises were set ablaze by petrol bombs thrown into the station by the assailants. "Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police CP Echeng E. Echeng, has since visited the incident scene, and after conducting spot assessments, ordered the immediate deployment of all the command's operational/investigative assets to track down fleeing members of the murderous gang. "The CP further appeals to residents of Awada and the good people of Anambra State to remain calm as the police, in collaboration with sister agencies, will not rest on its oars until the criminal elements tormenting the state are brought to justice."