Violence, ballot box snatching, voter intimidation, voter suppression, vote buying, manipulation of numbers, and failure of the INEC to upload results once again confirmed that Nigeria is a failed state. Nigeria is a failure by every global metric.  The papers are plastered with stories stemming from the inconclusive presidential election held Saturday, February 25, 2023.  Violence, ballot box snatching, voter intimidation, voter suppression, vote buying, manipulation of numbers, and failure of the INEC to upload results once again confirmed that Nigeria is a failed state. Nigeria is a failure by every global metric.  Nigeria as a failed state breeds poverty, corruption, disease, refugees, terrorism, and potential civil war. The Nigerian government has lost control. The government can’t provide services to its population, can’t defend its borders, doesn’t have monopoly on the legitimate use of force. What binds Nigeria together as a country (if any) is hanging by a thread.  In the conduct of the presidential election, the incompetence and outright fraudulent acts of INEC have been exposed and magnified beyond our belief. Criminal irregularities reserved for a banana republic marred the election. As I write, the results of the four-day old election have not been released. No one is sure when it would be released. Obviously, INEC is perfecting the final phase of rigging for its anointed candidate.  Like I have argued severally in my columns, elections are not the solution to Nigeria’s endemic problems. We have been wrestling with the same issues for 62 years. And it’s getting worse every time. The root cause of our problem is: we are a separate, hostile, unequal and a divided country. Nigeria is not one country. It is impossible for election to force or fuse Nigeria into one united country. Dissolution is the solution.  With the maladies and human suffering going on in the country, anyone who still believes in one Nigeria needs to have his or her head examined by a psychiatrist. What separates us is more than what unites us. Nigeria is on the verge of an abyss, a country of hell characterized by a bottomless pit. Isn’t time we go our separate ways? 