In a statement on Monday, Okechukwu Nwanguma, RULAAC executive director, said the unit has been violating the law. Civic group, the Rule of Law and Accountability Advocacy Centre (RULAAC) has again called on the Nigerian Inspector General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba to end the irregularities at the anti-kidnapping unit of Imo State Police Command.  In a statement on Monday, Okechukwu Nwanguma, RULAAC executive director, said the unit has been violating the law.  Citing an instance of two men detained unlawfully, Nwanguma said the men were arrested without being told their crime, adding that they were tortured and not allowed to contact their relatives.  He said RULAAC received information about the case, and contacted the anti-kidnapping unit commander, who confirmed the development and reportedly said they were “arrested in error”.  The statement read, “Rule of Law and Accountability Advocacy Centre (RULAAC) writes to bring to the attention of the Inspector-General of Police the continued acts of lawlessness and gross violation of established legal procedures for the exercise of police powers by the Anti-Kidnapping Unit of the Imo State Police Command under the command of Mr. Oladimeji Odeyeyiwa and the failure by the Commissioner of Police, Imo State, CP Ahmed Barde, to exercise oversight over the activities of the unit.  “This would be the second time this year that RULAAC would be raising alarm about the criminal excesses and abuse of police powers by operatives of the unit.  “On January 13, 2023, RULAAC had raised alarm concerning incessant complaints about human rights violations committed daily by the Anti-Kidnapping Unit of Imo State Police Command. RULAAC cited some alarming instances of human rights violations and corrupt practices and called on the Inspector General of Police to intervene. Regrettably, no action was taken and the operatives of that unit continue to revel in impunity, acting above the law to the detriment of citizens' rights to liberty and safety.  “RULAAC writes to bring to the attention of the Inspector-General of Police once again the arbitrary arrest and continued detention of a couple by the Anti-Kidnapping Unit, Imo State Police Command, in flagrant disregard of court orders.  “Mr. Modestus Madu had addressed a petition to the Commissioner of Police Imo State dated 02/02/23 concerning the arrest of his elder brother Mr. Nnaemeka Madu and his wife Mrs. Egoyibo Madu by operatives of the Anti-Kidnapping Unit Imo State on 31/01/2023.  “Modestus informed us that his elder brother, Nnaemeka and his wife were arrested based on the false allegation by his (Modestus') ex-wife Mrs. Oluchi Uhuegbe that his elder brother and his wife kidnapped their two children Presley and Chizaram.  “But according to Mr. Modestus who is based in the United States of America, the truth of the matter is that he has been taking full responsibility and care for the upkeep of his children from his base, and had returned home for Christmas in 2022 and decided to spend some time with the children before he would return to his base in the US.  “He went to his children's school and took the children who were very excited to see him and happily followed him to spend time with their father.  He also called his estranged wife and the mother of their children and informed her that the children were with him, and she knew where they were.  She threatened to have him arrested for 'kidnapping' his own children. He dared her to come and arrest him but she never showed up.  “Before he returned to the United States, he took the children to stay with his sister owing to his findings within the period he spent with the children that they were not receiving proper motherly care and upbringing by their 'careless' mother.  “He decided to change their school and called the Headmaster of the children's school for the release of their academic reports and records to enable him place them in the new school.  The Headmaster asked him to send a proxy to collect those school records on his behalf, and he sent his elder brother, Nnaemeka, to go to the school to collect the children's school reports.  “It was based on this visit to the school by his elder brother to collect the children's school documents that his estranged wife procured the services of the Anti-Kidnapping Unit, Imo State Police Command who arrested his elder brother and his wife for alleged kidnapping.  “Mr. Modestus Madu petitioned the Commissioner of Police Imo State clarifying that his brother and his wife could not have kidnapped his children as he informed his estranged wife when he took their children and there was no secret about their whereabouts. He also sent his elder brother to their children's former school with the consent of the school Headmaster to collect the children's academic records to enable him place them in a better school. This could not amount to kidnapping.  “His petition to the Commissioner of Police did not yield positive result. His brother's wife was released based on the intervention of his lawyer. He proceeded to a High Court in Owerri and filed a Fundamental Rights Enforcement suit (No. HOW/129/2023) for the release of his brother from continued unlawful detention.  “The Court issued an Order on 10/2/23 directing the O/C Anti-Kidnapping, Imo State Police Command and the DC Imo State Police Command to release Mr. Nnaemeke Felix Madu forthwith pending the hearing and determination of the substantive suit and further directing the respondents to stay further proceedings or investigation into the matter for which the applicant was arrested pending the hearing and determination of the substantive suit.  “Till date, the O/C Anti-Kidnapping Unit Imo State Police Command with the condonement of the authorities of Imo State Police Command has lawlessly and contemptuously disregarded the orders of the High Court by continuing to illegally detain an innocent man. The continued tolerance and condonement of the arbitrary, illegal and criminal activities of the notorious Anti-Kidnapping Unit of the Imo State may be preparing the ground for another #EndSARS.”  RULAAC asked the Inspector General of Police to order an investigation into the activities of operatives of the Anti-Kidnapping Unit, Imo State Police Command and the failure by the police commissioner to rein in their excesses.  “RULAAC calls on the IGP to order the CP Imo State to ensure compliance with the order of court in respect of this matter and to, at all times, uphold the rule of law. All those arrested and detained in connection with this case should, in accordance with the Court Orders, and the rule of law, be released forthwith.” 