Adebanjo had said that Nigerians should be prepared for a post-election crisis if the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi does not win the next election. The Northern Elders Forum on Thursday described the comment attributed to the leader of the pan-Yoruba socio-cultural organisation, Afenifere, Pa Ayo Adebanjo on the forthcoming elections as irresponsible and condemnable. Adebanjo had said that Nigerians should be prepared for a post-election crisis if the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi does not win the next election.  According to Adebanjo, there will be nothing like united Nigeria if Obi’s presidential bid fails this year.  Adebanjo, who adopted Obi as his preferred presidential candidate in 2022, has maintained that Obi remains the best candidate.  He insisted that Obi is not only competent but should be voted by Nigerians as their next president for the sake of equity and fairness, and to keep Nigeria united.  While speaking at the celebration of the life and times of the late President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Prof. George Obiozor, in Lagos on Wednesday, as reported by The Sun, Adebanjo said Obiozor’s death came at a time Nigerians were in a battle to save the country from years of oppression.  According to him, having a Nigerian president of Igbo extraction (from Southeast Nigeria) in 2023 is a cause that everyone must fight for.  He added that Igbo people should not be shy about it as it is their constitutional right and not a favour.  Adebanjo, therefore, warned Nigerians to prepare for a post-election crisis, saying, “In giving tribute to Obiozor, you must be prepared for a post-election crisis. But, whoever causes or initiates it, must not get away with it.  However, Dr Hakeem Baba-Ahmed, Director, Publicity and Advocacy of the Forum in a statement obtained by SaharaReporters, said it is the worst thing that can be said in promoting a candidate.  He said, "Northern Elders Forum (NEF) has reviewed the preparations for the forthcoming elections, particularly in light of recent developments and its planned Northern General Assembly.  "The Forum took note of the comments of Chief Ayo Adebanjo, leader of one of the Afenifere organizations. In his usual rantings, this time in campaigning for Mr Peter Obi of the Labour Party, he said, among other inflammatory outbursts, that if Nigerians do not elect his candidate, it will be the end of Nigeria. This statement is, to say the least, irresponsible and condemnable.  "It is the worst thing that can be said in promoting a candidate, but that is the business of the candidate. We do not believe that Chief Adebanjo’s reckless outburst reflects the quality or essence of the Obi/Datti ticket.  "The Forum advises people like Chief Adebanjo to attempt to behave more responsibly. These elections will not be won by threats and insults. Nigerians will not be scared from exercising their choices freely.  "The unity and survival of Nigeria are not dependent on politicians who think they can intimidate citizens or instigate actions that will subvert a credible election and a peaceful transition to the next administration.  "The North is committed to supporting a credible election under peaceful conditions, and will support any candidate who emerges as leader through it. It appeals to leaders, elders, politicians and the authorities to resist inciting particularly young Nigerians who are more gullible and exposed to dangerous rhetorics.”  "If there are Nigerians with any influence over Chief Adebanjo, they should advise him to show respect for his age and all the advantages he enjoys from being a Nigerian," the statement added.