The zonal chairman maintained that El-Sudi's decisions have resulted in disaffection and disharmony in the state chapter of the party.  The All Progressives Congress (APC) on Saturday sacked the Chairman of its Taraba State chapter, Ibrahim El-Sudi, over alleged continuous engagement in activities adjudged to be against the progress of the party. Briefing journalists in Jalingo, the state capital, the APC's South Zonal Chairman, Dauda Ayuba Dakinjo, said El-Sudi was sacked because he continued to fan the embers of discord and rancour to the detriment of the progress of the party in the state. According to Dakinjo, since he became the state chairman of the party, El-Sudi makes all the decisions by himself or together with some of his stooges through whom he implements them. The zonal chairman maintained that El-Sudi's decisions have resulted in disaffection and disharmony in the state chapter of the party. Dakinjo said, “His attitude has ridiculed APC, disaffection, and unnecessary litigation. "Don't forget, a few days ago, the Supreme Court canceled the gubernatorial primary election and some other primary elections held by the party in the state. "In large part, the issues lead to litigation which resulted from El-Sudi’s inability to reconcile and accommodate varied interests within the party. "Again, the five local government chairmen removed and replaced by El-Sudi were reinstated by the court but El-Sudi has deliberately refused to obey the judgment of the court,” he said. Dakinjo said that despite the court ruling against El-Sudi on the removal of the five chairmen, he recently went ahead to purportedly remove two chairmen of Lau and Jalingo local government areas which caused serious tension that threatened security and peace within the entire APC family and supporters in the state. He said, “We, the entire Exco of Taraba state APC hereby resolved to disassociate our good selves with the unconstitutional manner of removing elected officers of the Party with reference to aforementioned chairmen. "In all, the conducts of El-Sudi to favour some party members and disfavour some, and not to provide level playing ground and fairness to all party members, has created widespread disaffection among party faithful. "In view of all the above infractions by El-Sudi and his retrogressive style of leadership, we passed votes of no confidence on him to continue as the Taraba State APC chairman. "We have therefore invoked the powers conferred on us by Article 21(d)(vi) of the APC Constitution and have removed him from office as the APC Chairman Taraba State."