All the candidates converged on the International Conference Centre, Abuja to sign a pact towards a peaceful poll. Abdullahi Adamu, the national chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), ensured the presidential candidate of the party, Bola Tinubu did not sleep on Wednesday when the candidates of 18 political parties were in Abuja to sign a pact towards having a peaceful election this Saturday.  All the candidates converged on the International Conference Centre, Abuja to sign a pact towards a peaceful poll.  SaharaReporters learnt that Adamu while telling Tinubu about the presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore, described him as “stubborn Sowore.”  The APC chairman it was learnt also jokingly asked if Sowore would respect the agreement if he didn’t win the election on Saturday. “He (Tinubu) badly wanted us to talk but I never wanted a conversation. First, he greeted me with a left handshake. “Then he asked me to let him use my program booklet, I gave him outright. His Chairman (Adamu) also jokingly asked if we would respect the agreement if we lose. “I think they were trying to get me into a conversation. But the party chair kept telling him this is the stubborn boy, Sowore. It was at that point he tapped me and shook me with his left hand. “They tried to get me in a compromising position but I knew the game. Overall the party chair made sure he couldn’t sleep; I think it was because they sat next to me,” Sowore recalled. Tinubu also had something to say about Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Nigeria. Sowore said, “As per Father Kukah, he said Bobo yi ti pasu men (This man has made money). He was taking about Father Kukah that he’s made money. When Buhari said he will ensure free and fair elections, he said with ‘naira redesign?’. “And when we were done, he said, ‘I am really hungry.’ “At a point when they showed (Peter) Obi on the screen, he asked his party chairman, ‘se eni ti won pe l’Obi niyen?’ (Is that the person they call Obi?).” Sowore in January mocked Tinubu, saying that the latter slept throughout a meeting of presidential candidates and party leaders with the National Peace Committee (NPC) in Abuja.  The duo were among those who attended the meeting convened by the NPC under the leadership of Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar (rtd).  The purpose of the meeting was to ensure the proper behaviour of the candidates, their parties, and other stakeholders, particularly during the election campaigns.  After the meeting, Sowore tweeted, “We just returned from a meeting of party leaders/Presidential candidates with the national peace committee in Abuja, the Presidential candidate of The @OfficialAPCNg @officialABAT slept through the meeting, he didn’t say a word. His party chair spoke on his behalf.”