The purported Chrisland student made the claim in a trending audio. A yet-to-be identified student of Chrisland High School, Opebi branch, Lagos, has alleged that Whitney Adeniran, a 12-year-old student of the school died from electrocution. The purported Chrisland student made the claim in a trending audio. She said the deceased died after mistakenly touching a naked wire from one cotton candy vendor machine. “We went for inter-house sport and in my own school, we do go to the stadium. In the stadium, there are machines like cotton candy vendor machine, popcorn machine and stuff like that.   “So Whitney always buys like popcorn, so she went there; she was so excited for inter-house sport, you know and she now mistakenly touched the cotton candy vendor machine, she now got electrocuted and then she now fainted. “Her mouth was foaming; her veins were popping. Her tongue just disappeared, they now poured water on her and took her to the back, and then they took her to the hospital,” the student said in the audio. Michael Adeniran, Whitney’s father had taken to social media on Saturday night to demand a probe into the death of his daughter, calling on the Lagos State Government and the police to intervene in the matter, also demanding that Chrisland should explain what happened to his daughter. Whitney’s father, Michael, also said his daughter had no health condition or sickness at the time the school bus picked her up for the event.   He said that his wife was present at the stadium, but the school did not call her attention to the incident immediately. Adeniran asked why the school had no ambulance or paramedics at the event, except for a “quack” nurse whom he said confessed that the child died at the stadium. Reacting, the management and staff of the Lagos-based school said they feel the deep pain of this loss and their thoughts and prayers are with the family. The statement read, “The management and staff of Chrisland Schools Limited, with a deep sense of loss, announce the death of our precious student, Whitney Adeniran; whose painful exit occurred on Thursday, February 9th, 2023.”