Chariman of Taraba State had been petitioned for engaging in anti-party activities but he ignored the query, prompting his expulsion. Four governorship candidates suspended by the African Action Congress (AAC) over allegations of misconduct that violate the party’s constitution have begged for re-admission. The candidates are Iboro Otu, Akwa Ibom; Ray Kene, Enugu; Ahmed Aliyu, Kwara and Dr. David Joel Charima, Taraba. The concerned state chapters of the AAC had expelled them after they refused to answer a query issued to them within the stipulated period, deemed an “insubordination” to the party’s constitution and punishable under the same law. Chariman of Taraba State had been petitioned for engaging in anti-party activities but he ignored the query, prompting his expulsion. In Akwa-Ibom State, Otu similarly disregarded a query bothering on “Gross violation of the constitution, set rules, and directives of the African Action Congress.” The sacked candidates were “advised to desist from further transacting any business whatsoever on behalf of the Party or parading” themselves as its representatives. In a letter by their lawyer, the candidates appealed to the National Executive Council of the party to reconsider them and reinstate them back. The statement read, “We humbly wish to appeal that the four (4) Governorship Candidates. They are Iboro Otu- Akwa Ibom. Ray Kene- Enugu; Ahmed Aliyu - Kwara and Dr. David Charima of Taraba state. “Sir, we are solicitors in this regards. We are careful not to say anyone is wrong or right. But we cannot be careful to say our party needs unity and not division, we have however, spoken to ourselves (the candidates) and ready to work with the party and to get the desired results. We hereby appeal that the National Executive Council should reconsider our brethren, and consider others in various positions carrying the flag of the party with them in the states (Deputies, senate's, etc.). “We are aware that they are about taking some legal protections, we promise to also intervene for them to discontinue all action, if any. AAC is one big united family and it should remain as such.” 