Honourable Victor Kolade Akinjo, a member of the House of Representatives, representing Ilaje/Ese-Odo Federal Constituency, called out the governor on Friday, pointing out the recent oil refund released to nine Niger Delta states by President Muhammadu Buhari's administration between 2021 and 2022. Ondo state governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, SAN, has been asked to account for the 13 per cent Oil Derivation Fund that accrued to the state from the Federation Account since the inception of his administration. Honourable Victor Kolade Akinjo, a member of the House of Representatives, representing Ilaje/Ese-Odo Federal Constituency, called out the governor on Friday, pointing out the recent oil refund released to nine Niger Delta states by President Muhammadu Buhari's administration between 2021 and 2022.  This was contained in a statement signed by Allen Sowore Esq, Director, Media and Publicity, PDP Ondo South Senatorial District Campaign Council. According to the statement, the governor has collected over N40 billion from the Federation Account as oil windfall and N16 billion which represents 40 per cent for OSOPADEC (Ondo State Oil Producing Areas Development Commission) for the exclusive use and development of oil producing communities.  He lambasted the governor for the non-remittance of 40 per cent of the oil derivation fund for OSOPADEC, as prescribed by law, arguing that the governor has completely marginalised the people and neglected the oil producing areas of the state.  "This is the fund the former Governor, Dr Olusegun Agagu used to develop Ilaje and Ese-Odo. This is the same resources we have been using to execute life changing projects, send our children to school and empower the people. But Akeredolu has refused and deliberately diverted all our resources to Owo. “Even appointment constitutionally and exclusively meant for the people from oil producing communities, has been hijacked to Ipele in Owo. This is callous and selfish!  "He has collected over N40 billion from the Federation Account as oil windfall and N16 billion  which represents 40% should come to OSOPADEC for the exclusive use and development of oil producing communities of  llaje and Ese -Odo local government areas, but failed or refused to remit the money to the Commission for its purpose,” the statement added.  Also, former Deputy Governor of Ondo state and Peoples Democratic Party candidate for Ondo South Senatorial District in the 2023 General Elections, Chief Alfred Agboola Ajayi has called on the people of Ondo South to vote massively for the PDP in the forthcoming general elections. He said the people should vote for the PDP at all levels- Presidential, Senate, House of Representatives and the State House of Assembly.  Ajayi declared that the All Progressives Congress is dead, adding that its funeral should be conducted immediately. He posited that it would be dangerous and calamitous for Nigerians should the same party – APC - that brought economic woes, insecurity and misgovernance upon Nigeria be allowed to continue in office beyond May 2023.  The duo spoke on Thursday, in Kiribo during the ongoing PDP Ondo South Senatorial District Ward Rallies and Campaign across the six component local government areas. In December 2022, Akeredolu stated that the 13 per cent oil derivation, subsidy and SURE-P refunds from the Federal Government were expended on capital projects and payment of accumulated salary arrears.  Akeredolu, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Richard Olatunde, also disassociated himself from those alleged to have been stealing funds meant for local government areas from the Federation Account Allocation Committee, FAAC.