He accused Asake of misappropriating part of the N120m meant for the IDPs in Southern Kaduna region. Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kaduna State, Hon. Felix Hassan Hyat has berated the governorship candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Hon. Jonathan Asake for allegedly misappropriating funds donated by Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike to Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Southern Kaduna. He accused Asake of misappropriating part of the N120m meant for the IDPs in Southern Kaduna region. He disclosed this on a live radio interview on Salama Radio, Kafanchan and lnvicta 98.9 FM, Kaduna at the weekend. Following the incessant killings in some parts of Kaduna, Governor Wike donated the sum of N200 million to victims in over 25,000 lDPs in Southern Kaduna. He said out of the N200 million, the Southern Kaduna Peoples Union (SOKAPU) through Asake received the sum of N120 million because of the peculiarity of the attacks in Southern Kaduna region, while other parts of the state got N80 million through the Jama'atul Nasir lslam (JNI). Hyat explained further that while the JNI complied with the template given to them on how to share the monies, SOKAPU flagrantly refused to utilise it. He accused Asake of ignoring the template and sharing formula given and also refusing to carry along the stakeholders that were captured in the template given, but spent the sum of N60 million for the purchase of sundry relief materials, contrary to the priority needs of IDPs. "Leaders should be able to be transparent, just and fair when they're in position of power, particularly when it has to do with the less privilege," he said. He also urged the electorate in the region to come out en masse and vote for the PDP in order to restore their hope and sanity. "The masses should not make the mistake of voting leaders with questionable characters that lack integrity in position of leadership but to vote in leaders with capacity for delivery and accountability in order not to derail our democracy and our Nation as whole," Hyat said. 