Confirming the incident in a statement he personally issued on Saturday and made available to newsmen, Obiaraeri blamed the attack on what he described as the “failure of the All Progressives Congress-led administrations in the state and at the centre.” Gunmen terrorising Imo State and other parts of the South-East region of Nigeria, in the early hours of Saturday attacked the country home of the Labour Party’s Okigwe Local Government Area of Imo State House of Assembly, Nnaemeka Obiaraeri, setting his house, cars, and those of his father and uncles ablaze. Confirming the incident in a statement he personally issued on Saturday and made available to newsmen, Obiaraeri blamed the attack on what he described as the “failure of the All Progressives Congress-led administrations in the state and at the centre.” The Labour Party candidate who said the arsonists stormed his house in Amagu Ihube in three Toyota Hilux vehicles said “Gunmen, surely known to their sponsors, went to my country home in Amagu Ihube to burn down my house and burn to ashes my operational factory vehicles parked there. “Just got another share of the terrible state of security in Nigeria. Unknown gunmen came to my country home in Amagu Ihube, and burnt to ashes the operational factory vehicles including my house. “They also destroyed my father’s house and that of my uncle. My aged mum and siblings are currently in trauma. Three Hilux trucks loaded with bandits and killers, went on a spree of burning houses and maiming people without anyone stopping them. “The insecurity in our state has gotten to its precipice. I don’t know who I offended and why anybody could target me for destruction. I have not eaten anyone’s yam or fish. “This is another evidence of the failure of the APC Governments in Imo State and Aso Rock, Nigeria to live up to their OATH OF OFFICE of protecting the lives and properties of law-abiding Nigerians. Total failure of governments and leaders.” Obiaraeri said the attack has only reinforced “our call for Nigerians to pick their PVCs and help vote for Peter Obi and Ahmed Datti of the Labour Party, the next President and the next Vice President of the country,” adding that “The APC government has failed us woefully, especially in terms of protecting lives and property.” 