Many Nigerians are currently unable to obtain the new N200, N500, and N1,000 notes, resulting in scarcity and attendant suffering in the country.  The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore, has told the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to show concerns and cry against the fuel and naira notes’ scarcity in the country because it will affect the forthcoming general elections. Sowore, who stated this on Monday during a meeting between leaders of political parties and INEC, warned the electoral body not to allow cash to be distributed to it outside the legal channels. The Central Bank of Nigeria had fixed February 10 as deadline for the exchange of old naira notes for newly redesigned ones, having initially fixed January 31 as the deadline. Many Nigerians are currently unable to obtain the new N200, N500, and N1,000 notes, resulting in scarcity and attendant suffering in the country. This led the youths and some residents across states to stage protests. Explaining how this situation may affect the forthcoming polls, Sowore said, “If you recall very well that last meeting, I did propose very strongly that before we grant the Central Bank the opportunity to handle sensitive materials, we should meet with the board of the central bank. That was my position at the last meeting. It was as if I was seeing into the future that the central bank will try everything they can to sabotage this election. “Of course, some of our colleagues here turn it into a fight because they had to deal with the Central Bank Governor. Look at where we are, a few months later, this same individuals are holding rallies in support of individuals, they are holding press conferences, even they are using leaders of parties in their interaction with public that will support this very negative and retrogressive monetary crisis. I know that the Central Bank must guarantee some candidate adequate money, just like they guarantee INEC. “But INEC should even understand that going outside the monetary policy and budget of the country to guarantee you cash is illegal. There is a process for moving cash, if cash is moved outside of that process you are engaging without knowing in money laundering. Don’t let anybody guarantee you that they will give you cash if it is not through the process of moving cash. There is a circulation process. “The second aspect that I believe is very important is that you cannot just dismiss the fact that people do not have money to spend. Because even according to your own INEC rule, I cannot vote in Abuja, I have to travel to Ondo State. N20,000 is not enough to travel from here to Ondo State to go and vote in a week’s time. So, there is monetary crisis in the country and no matter what they were doing to assure you, the people who want to remove you (INEC Chairman, Prof Mahmood Yakubu) are the people who are setting you up with all these private meetings or official meetings. “And you should be very smart about it; and I told you the last time that forget about all these party leaders assuring you of protections. They have no power to protect you. This is just to make you feel good. You should be worried about Nigerian People out there who on the way to this place, as I was coming this morning, are queuing up in every bank available in the country. The fact that there is no petrol, gasoline to move your materials should bother you and this is the time to be an activist yourself. You see that the APC people have become activists now. They are the ones who caused the problems, they are the ones who also activist against the problem because they want to distance themselves from the problem they created.”