Ogundamisi said he was among the first persons to raise the alarm when he observed the supremacist messages from Adeyinka Grandson and Nnamdi Kanu in London. A renowned public affairs commentator, Kayode Ogundamisi, has revealed how his petition to the London Metropolitan Police led to the imprisonment of a self-proclaimed Yoruba self-determination agitator Adeyinka Shoyemi popularly called Adeyinka Grandson. He made this known during an interview with Rudolf Okonkwo on 90MinutesAfrica.  Adeyinka Grandson was sentenced to four and a half years in a British prison in April 2022 for inciting violence against certain ethnic groups in Nigeria, which are in breach of the anti-racial hatred laws of the United Kingdom.  Mr. Ogundamisi said he was among the first persons to raise the alarm when he observed the supremacist messages from Adeyinka Grandson and Nnamdi Kanu in London.  “I took it upon myself to take it up with the UK authorities. I submitted a petition to the London Metropolitan Police against Adeyinka, which led him to where he is today, and I have no regrets. I expected my Igbo brothers to have done the same with Nnamdi Kanu,” the former General Secretary of the Odua People’s Congress (OPC) said.  He further posited that there is ample evidence available that the Nigerian government could have used to jail Nnamdi Kanu in the UK if it was serious about it. Mr. Ogundamisi claimed he had more than 27 Gigabytes of actionable data evidence of hate crime against the IPOB leader, but Nigerian government officials were too lazy to investigate his activities.  “It would have been quite easy for the government then because Nnamdi Kanu was clearly making statements that were inciting violence against other ethnic groups, which was clearly breaking UK laws, but we had an incompetent embassy that failed to report these activities,” the public commentator opined.  Ogundamisi acknowledged the validity of some of the grievances expressed by IPOB but said he disagrees with the methods they have deployed to actualize them.  