In 2006, when Lekki Free Zone was created, about three communities were identified as Abomiti, Yeguda and Eyin-Osa.  Oba Ganiyu Olusegun Awokoya, the Onirete of Irete-Ijebu in Ogun State has debunked allegations of harassment and land grabbing levelled against him. The Parapo communities in Lagos State had accused the monarch, Mrs Lola Akande, the Lagos State Commissioner for Commerce, Industry and Cooperative and Oba Kamarudeen Animashaun, the Oloja of Epe of land grabbing. In 2006, when Lekki Free Zone was created, about three communities were identified as Abomiti, Yeguda and Eyin-Osa. However, the government allocated another land, which is 10% of what it compulsorily acquired for the displaced communities elsewhere for their resettlement, which some top Lagos State Government officials, and two traditional rulers in Epe and Ogun State, are allegedly now hijacking and converting to theirs, so as to start selling through some real estate companies, the communities had alleged. However, Oba Awokoya in a statement by his principal secretary, Taiwo Shakiru vehemently denied the allegations. The statement read, “The allegations as succinctly distilled under the four headings above were not only spurious, ignominious, irrational, ludicrous and perspicuously baseless in fact and logic, they were devilishly and disingenuously concocted to deliberately impugn kabiyesi’s integrity, deflate his credibility and smear his person before right thinking members of the society, his subjects as a Traditional Ruler, his numerous clientele and the entire world to achieve their nefarious and diabolical intentions of causing chaos and crisis on the land in question to prevent accountability, deprive the rightful beneficiaries of their entitlement and bring in Land Grabbers into the Land for their selfish personal gains and filthy lucre. “The summary of the background facts is that the Lagos State Government resettled peoples/communities that it acquired their ancestral/customary lands for the public purpose of the Lekki Free Trade Zone Project, pursuant to the Land Use Act, 1978, Chapter L5, LFN 2004 on a large expanse of land at Oke-Ira Alagbon/Ilamija, Epe Lagos State, under the Resettlement Committees namely Abomiti, Eyin Osa and Yeguda. The three (3) Associations were duly registered by the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) and a Memorandum of Understanding subsequently signed by the three Committees with the Lagos State Government. “Therefore, the individuals recognized by Law to manage the day to day running of the activities of each of the Association are the Committee Members. They determine what they do with their land. Our Kabiyesi neither runs the Committees nor take decisions for them. “Kabiyesi is neither a civil servant nor a political appointee of the Lagos State Government, and as such he has no business with collaborating with any Government official or political office holder on a Land that he is not a Committee member, where he could use the said office to benefit himself. It is thus absolutely false, vexatious and indefensible that Kabiyesi connived with whosoever to ‘convert the Abomiti, Yeguda and Eyin -Osa resettlement land for kickbacks’. It is even more imbecilic that the so-called self appointed mouthpiece of the faceless ‘Parapo Communities’ did not mention who received the kickbacks, how much, where it was collected and the mode of payment. “Even more laughable is the moronic allegation that Kabiyesi ‘forged or backdated survey to some of the communities’ and that the Lagos State Government suspended the activities of Lekki Coaster and Epe Lagoon (sic) on their resettlement land, because of ‘Awokoya’s greed and conversion of all the land for personal sales’. This totally rubbishes whatever iota of rationality exists in the medulla oblongata of the said purveyors of this fake information, because they failed to reference a single Survey Plan produced by the Kabiyesi to any community that either Police Forensic Report or a Report of the Surveyor General’s Office had confirmed emanated from the kabiyesi and is ‘forged’. “They also did not reference any instance of any complaint by Lekki Coaster and Epe Lagoon (sic) that Kabiyesi converted their lands or a reference to any single victim of such criminal conversion. The most palpably tenuous and patently ridiculous of all the allegations is that kabiyesi is a ‘Quack Surveyor’. It is obvious that the said representatives of ‘Parapo Communities’ do not know the meaning of ‘Quack’. They did not supply or refer to any document to show that Kabiyesi is unqualified to do all he has done as a Land Management Consultant in the last three decades and above, and he has never referred to himself as a Licensed and/or Registered Surveyor. “Kabiyesi has never appended his signature to any document and/or Survey Plan as a Licensed and/or Registered Surveyor. He is not a ‘Quack Surveyor’. He is a Land Management Consultant with an enviable pedigree of impervious integrity, unimpeachable credibility and outstanding professional finesse. He worked for the Resettlement Committees namely Abomiti, Eyin Osa and Yeguda as a Land Management Consultant and he is entitled to his remuneration as mutually agreed and documented between the parties  “Therefore, it is criminal and pernicious, and it begs logic for anyone to have wickedly and curiously attempted to tarnish the good name and disparage the image of the Kabiyesi, and the noble traditional institution of the Onirete of Irete-Ijebu Stool. While the instrumentality of the Law will definitely be activated to seek redress, we hereby remind all evil doers that posterity is an unforgiving judge and awaits all humans at the nick of time.”