It added that it may have direct effects on the incidents that will happen during the 2023 general elections. The Sultan of Sokoto-led group, Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI) has condemned the gruesome killing of over 40 Fulani herders in the Doma Local Government Area of Nasarawa State, North Central Nigeria.  The herders were killed in Rukubi community while returning from Makurdi, the Benue State capital, where they went to retrieve over 1,000 cows seized by the Benue Livestock Guards.  It was also stated that after paying fines totalling N29 million, the guards released some of the livestock to the herders, who were unfortunately killed while offloading the cattle shortly after they arrived in Nasarawa.  They were allegedly by military operatives.  Meanwhile, the incident has heightened tensions in Benue and Nasarawa states.  Reacting to the incident, JNI described it as worrisome in a statement issued by its Secretary-General, Dr. Khalid Abubakar Aliyu on Thursday.  It added that it may have direct effects on the incidents that will happen during the 2023 general elections.  The statement reads: “It should be stated that this singular act of heartlessness in Doma was a calculated attempt to instil fears among farmers and herders, so as to jeopardize the frantic efforts of mutual harmony that has been built by the relevant stakeholders especially the Nasarawa State government in recent years.  “This massacre calls for serious introspection especially that the 2023 General Elections are fast approaching. For how long would we continue to wait in vain? For how long, shall we continue to condemn acts of terrorism without any concerted efforts at ending it?  “And for how long would we continue to suffer hopelessness and despair such as what we have just witnessed in Doma? Be that as it may, the JNI is perplexed and very much concerned over the grisly incident in Doma and its environs.  “This dastardly act was carried out despite the several concerted efforts at peaceful coexistence between the Tivs and the Fulanis, as well as other sedentary farmers in the area. Clearly, there seems to be premeditated sabotage from some quarters. Government should therefore thoroughly interrogate the events that culminated in the most unfortunate bloodletting in Doma.”  JNI called on the “federal government to as a matter of urgency investigate all its security agencies, especially the Nigerian Air force based on the alleged use of helicopter gunships and drones in the Doma massacre to do well beyond condemnation, and fish out the perpetrators”.  The group, therefore, urged the government to do the following:  “Identify with victims and places of attacks by commiserating with the people, it is better late than never.  “A national broadcast after the visit would be very necessary, to dissuade reprisals. Clearly, people are angered over many recent happenings affecting innocent defenseless people and the government needs to act fast.  “The Federal Government of Nigeria should pay compensation (Diyya) to the bereaved families, for equity, justice and foreclosing of any possibility of vengeance or reprisal.  “Prosecute officials that are found wanting in the discharge of their assignment(s), so as to serve as a deterrent to other nonchalant officials.  “Collaborate with relevant security agencies with a timeline to bringing an end, and/or at least avert all security threats bedeviling the country and also mop-up small arms and light weapons (SALWs) in the hands of criminals, or else Nigeria will continue to witness the rise in arms proliferation for self-defense amongst citizens, since the government is seemingly not so disposed to doing so.  “Spare no effort to immediately provide support to all the affected communities, as many are now displaced, becoming internally displaced persons (IDPs) in their own land, considering the attendant social consequences often associated with victims of communal or state-sponsored violence.”  The organisation offered its “heartfelt condolences” to the “families of the martyred in the Doma massacre, the people and government of Nasarawa State and Nigeria in general”.  “May Allah, the Most High, console the respective families that lost their loved ones and strengthen them to bear the lost. May He also guide aright those in authority to be alive to their responsibilities. Amin,” it added.