The local government secretariat served as the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) collation centre for Anambra South Senatorial District presidential and National Assembly elections results.  Heavy shooting rocked the Nnewi North Local Government secretariat on Sunday night when three senatorial candidates - Ifeanyi Ubah of Young Progressives Party (YPP), Chris Uba of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Chris Azubogu of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) - reportedly stormed the Nnewi North Local Government Secretariat in an attempt to scuttle and falsify election results.  The local government secretariat served as the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) collation centre for Anambra South Senatorial District presidential and National Assembly elections results.  SaharaReporters gathered that the shooting started at the collation centre when the three lawmakers clashed on Sunday night, forcing journalists, party supporters and INEC officials to run for their lives.  A local news media, The Razor reports that a source from the area said Azubogu invaded the collation centre with thugs and forced his way into where he and Chris Uba hijacked ballot papers that were being counted.  The duo were about to leave the premises when Ifeanyi Ubah also stormed the collation centre and blocked them from leaving.  Ifeanyi Ubah’s arrival at the venue was said to have led to the heavy shooting as he confronted Azubogu and dispossessed him of the elections results he had allegedly snatched.  “Chris Uba was not lucky, as many voters beat him up, after Ifeanyi Ubah intercepted his vehicle and took the materials he had confiscated.  “He ran out of his vehicle and the supporters used the opportunity to catch him. Azubogu was luckier as he refused to step out of his bulletproof vehicle,” the source was quoted as saying.  But reacting to the incident, Emeka Onyia, a media aide to Azubogu, denied that his principal attempted to manipulate the elections results, saying that he was only at the secretariat to submit a petition.  