Ahmed, who gave the warning on Thursday while addressing the corps members during a sensitization in Abuja, warned the corps members to avoid financial and material inducements that may put them in trouble during the Saturday presidential and national assembly elections. The Director General of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Brig. Gen. Yusha'u Ahmed, has warned corps members engaging in the 2023 general elections as ad-hoc staff of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to avoid any form of inducement and other electoral offences as they are not immune from prosecution according to the law.  Ahmed, who gave the warning on Thursday while addressing the corps members during a sensitization in Abuja, warned the corps members to avoid financial and material inducements that may put them in trouble during the Saturday presidential and national assembly elections.  The DG in a statement issued by the Scheme’s Director of Press and Public Relations, Eddy Megwa, urged the corps members to be part of history as good ambassadors of their institutions, families and NYSC.  While assuring them of adequate security and improved welfare package, Ahmed further implored the corps members to abide by the electoral laws, adding that they are not immune from prosecution for electoral offences.  He said, “Never accept to board any vehicle that is not provided by INEC. You must be neutral and be just in whatever assignment given to you.  “You must be in your NYSC uniform with identification cards. Remember that you are not in immune against any wrongdoing.  “Ensure that you don't move alone in order not to endanger yourself, maintain personal security and use the NYSC Distress Call number in case of any emergency."  The DG also advised the corps members to avoid political arguments, granting press interviews but be diligent in their election duties, adding that corps members' involvement in previous elections and other national assignments have attracted tremendous commendation for the Scheme.