The former presidential aspirant made this known on Wednesday in Port Harcourt during the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) campaign rally. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has said that the people of his state already know the presidential candidate to vote for in the 2023 general elections. The former presidential aspirant made this known on Wednesday in Port Harcourt during the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) campaign rally. He said those expecting him to publicly declare his choice of a presidential candidate would wait in vain. Responding to the All Progressives Congress governorship candidate in the state, Dakuku Peterside, who had dared him to declare his preferred presidential candidate, Wike said, “I never told anybody one day I will bring camera and announce to you this is who will go. I said I will tell Rivers people the candidate they will support. I did not tell you the method of saying it. I did not say I will bring live coverage and say it. “But Rivers people know. Is it not correct? Are you not aware? So these ‘mumu’ people wey no dey pass for politics dey wait make I carry live coverage- we are hereby going to Joseph (These dull people who don’t understand politics are waiting for me to publicly declare the candidate to vote for and say hypothetically that we are going to vote for Joseph).  “Don’t mind the ‘mumu’ people. They don’t know their left from their right. Look at what is happening and a man who has never passed (won) election is coming to say ‘name your candidate’. Has he ever campaigned for anybody? He can’t. Wike said the problem started because he pointed out that the party’s constitution says there should be zoning but that some people want to kill him because of that. “Will you allow them to kill me? Can they kill me? Do they have the power to kill me? Anybody plotting evil against us, against Rivers state will never win. Anybody who says he will deal with us, he will never win. Anybody who is conspiring to deal with us, the person will never win. God will not give you the mantle of leadership.” Wike further noted that he and four other governors who make up G-5 or more recently known as Integrity Group are fighting guerilla warfare. He also accused the state police commissioner, CP Okon Effiong, of being reluctant to investigate alleged violations by opposition parties, threatening to deploy the Neighbourhood Watch to police the state.