The separatist group alleged that Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State, Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State and the Senate Majority Leader, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu are behind the plot. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has identified two governors and some other politicians as part of the people planning to attack and kill the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar whenever he visits the South-East region. The separatist group alleged that Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State, Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State and the Senate Majority Leader, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu are behind the plot. IPOB had alleged that its M-Branch uncovered a plot by some top politicians in the region to assassinate the former Vice President and blame it on IPOB and its armed wing - the Eastern Security Network (ESN). But while the Igbo apex socio-cultural group, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide had debunked the alleged plot, IPOB said that it would reveal those behind the plot after its M-Branch had concluded its investigation. On Thursday in a statement by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, IPOB stated there are political gang-ups involving APC politicians from different regions in Nigeria, and that the Southeastern politicians who are part of the assassination plot include “Supreme Court Administrator of Imo State, Hope Uzodinma, Dave Umahi of Ebonyi state, and Senate majority leader, Orji Uzor Kalu.”  IPOB said, “The hatchet plan was planned to be executed in any of the states in Igbo land but with Anambra and Imo as preferred states and Abia State. The agenda is not only to brand the Peter Obi candidacy championed by Obidients as another Igbo political coup but also to blackmail Ndigbo and IPOB in particular globally, in order to frustrate the Biafra restoration project. “If this plot is successfully executed, the APC government will blame it on either IPOB, ESN, or unknown gunmen including the Obidient group.  “This will make other ethnic groups blame Ndigbo and probably take their anger out on them and their properties across the country. We want the Obidients and particularly Peter Obi to be prepared because they will link him to the assassination plot. This may lead to another genocide against the Igbos in Nigeria.  “With this IPOB M-Branch exposition of the hidden assassination plot, we know that the evil collaborators will change their game plan, but our eagle eyes are still on them. “Our intelligence unit is top-notch and will continue to expose them further if there is anything untoward to happen.  “We are warning those who are planning to set Ndigbo up for mass slaughter across Nigeria to bear in mind that they will be held responsible should they allow their selfish political ambitions lead to the loss of Igbo lives and properties.  “They should know we are monitoring and following them. They should know that IPOB will not watch and allow some individuals to take actions that will lead to the mass slaughter of Ndigbo in other parts of the Zoological Republic of Nigeria.”