On Wednesday, Obasanjo met with members of the Ogun caretaker committee and some aggrieved members (dissolved members of the Executive Council) led by Arabambi at his residence. Tokunbo Peters, the Labour Party Publicity Secretary in Ogun State says former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo didn’t physically assault the embattled spokesperson of the party, Abayomi Arabambi. On Wednesday, Obasanjo met with members of the Ogun caretaker committee and some aggrieved members (dissolved members of the Executive Council) led by Arabambi at his residence. Multiple sources alleged that the former President during the meeting kicked the embattled LP spokesperson and ordered him to withdraw all petitions and court cases. “The select caretaker committee members and dissolved exco met with Chief Obasanjo yesterday. After both sides presented their cases, Obasanjo lambasted Arabambi and his cohorts that they should respect party supremacy,” a member of the party at the meeting held in Abeokuta had told SaharaReporters. “He went further to warn Arabambi that if he doesn’t cooperate with the caretaker committee, he will get him arrested. Obasanjo even kicked Arabambi during the meeting. “The meeting was held at Obasanjo’s house yesterday. He was blunt with him and asked him and others to withdraw all petitions or get arrested because of Obi. “He said that even if the Labour Party chairman killed someone, this is not the time to complain.” He added that Obasanjo wanted all the corruption allegations and other ugly issues tarnishing the image of the party to be suspended till after the election as he did not want anything to be used to jeopardise Obi’s chances. Speaking to SaharaReporters, Peters said Obasanjo only warned Arabambi to desist from destabilising the party and never threatened him with arrest. He also accused the embattled spokesperson of making monetary demands running into millions of Naira. He said, “I was at the meeting from the beginning to the end. I was among the 4 representatives that represented the party. I can tell you that Obasanjo did not kick Arabambi. How can an 80 years old man kick a 50 years old man? Obasanjo is over 80 years of age. “Obasanjo also never threatened Arabambi with arrest. Obasanjo only told him to desist from fomenting trouble in the party and that if he thinks he is a troublemaker, he is also a troublemaker. “Did your source tell you that Arabambi was making monetary demands? Ask him how much he was demanding? He was making monetary demands and he demanded N3. 5million. He said he gave it to the press during the rally. Ask your fellow journalists who were there if anybody gave them any kobo. “It is Labour Party and our mantra is we no dey give shishi. No money was disbursed. I am the state publicity secretary and I was not given any money to disburse. I never collected any kobo and did not disburse any kobo. So who did he give money to? Obasanjo also asked him and he said there was no budget was journalists. But he (Arabambi) accused a responsible member of the council. “Immediately after the meeting, I called the person and the person said there was no budget for journalists. How can a man that is over 80 years old kick a 50 year old man? Anybody who says Obasanjo kicked Arabambi is a liar. It is a lie from the pit of hell.” 