Igwe was reportedly arrested by the personnel of the Nigeria Police Force along Aba Road in Port Harcourt, South-South Nigeria. Nigeria's anti-corruption agency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), has intercepted N32.4 million in Lagos State, Southwest Nigeria.  The agency suspected the money was meant to be used for vote-buying during Saturday's presidential and National Assembly elections in the state.  SaharaReporters had reported that a federal lawmaker representing Port-Harcourt 2, Federal Constituency at the House of Representatives, Dr Chinyere Igwe was arrested with dollars for alleged vote-buying for the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Atiku Abubakar.  Igwe was reportedly arrested by the personnel of the Nigeria Police Force along Aba Road in Port Harcourt, South-South Nigeria.  EFCC's Head of Media and Publicity, Wilson Uwujaren, announced the interception of the N32.4 million in Lagos, in a statement issued on Friday via the commission's official Twitter handle.  Uwujaren stated that the recovery operation was achieved following the commission's resolve to deter vote trading and other financial malfeasance ahead of Saturday's presidential and National Assembly elections.  According to the statement, the recovery was made by operatives of the Lagos Zonal Command of the commission, adding that the suspect involved had been taken into custody for further questioning.  EFCC chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, implored all personnel of the commission deployed for election monitoring duties to show courage and not give room for unscrupulous persons to undermine the integrity of the elections through financial inducement, the statement said.  "Tactical teams of operatives are currently on ground in all the states of the federation and the FCT.  "Telephone hotlines have already been circulated through social media for members of the public to share information regarding financial malpractices with agents of the commission. Details of the number are available on EFCC’s social media platforms.  "Members of the public are encouraged to report anyone trying to buy or sell votes by making use of the EFCC financial crimes reporting App, Eagle Eye, which is available for download on the Google Play or Apple store.  "They can also reach the Commission through our social media handle, @officialefcc or by email, info@efcc.gov.ng."