There have been alleged plans by the state governor and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) vice-presidential candidate, Ifeanyi Okowa; former sports commissioner in the state, Solomon Ogba; chairman of Delta State Oil Producing Areas Commission (DESOPADEC), Askia Ogieh and other PDP chieftains in Isoko nation to manipulate the election results, especially from Warri South in favour of the PDP candidate, Michael Diden, popularly known as Ejele. The All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate in the Delta South Senatorial District Election, Joel Onowakpo-Thomas, has been declared winner of Saturday's National Assembly election after a series of protests against alleged manipulation and doctored results from Warri South Local Government Area of the state. There have been alleged plans by the state governor and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) vice-presidential candidate, Ifeanyi Okowa; former sports commissioner in the state, Solomon Ogba; chairman of Delta State Oil Producing Areas Commission (DESOPADEC), Askia Ogieh and other PDP chieftains in Isoko nation to manipulate the election results, especially from Warri South in favour of the PDP candidate, Michael Diden, popularly known as Ejele. Meanwhile, all the alleged doctored results from the Warri South council area earlier protested against by Delta state women and youths were however cancelled by the returning officer. There was however a mild drama at the Delta South INEC collation centre in Oleh, headquarters of Isoko South council as the returning officer, was about to declare the APC candidate as the winner. He suddenly slumped, prompting party members and supporters in the hall to start pouring water on him. He was subsequently given milk to drink in a bid to revive him. Shortly after he was revived, the returning officer, Prof Perekibina Anthony Bariweni, declared Onowakpo-Thomas as the winner of the election having polled the highest number of votes in the election.   Onowakpo-Thomas, former chairman, Delta state board of internal revenue defeated his opponent, Michael Diden of the PDP with 49,955 votes. Diden polled 47,696 votes. Commenting on his declaration, the senator-elect representing Delta South senatorial district, Joel Onowakpo-Thomas, commended and thanked the people of Isoko, Ijaw and Itsekiri for the love shown him before, during and after the election and for standing to defend their votes. He promised the people quality representation at the National Assembly. "I must first and foremost give all the glory to God almighty, the giver of life and power. I must also thank and commend the people of Isoko, Ijaw and Itsekiri for all the love shown me so far, before, during and after the elections especially when the plans to manipulate the results were going on. Let me specifically thank and commend the Press for standing for a better nation. "My people, by the special grace of God I shall not fail you, your efforts, supports and love throughout this period shall not be in vain. I shall not disappoint Delta South senatorial district for the trust and confidence reposed in me. You have all done your part and it's not my turn to reciprocate your mandate given to me to represent you people at the National Assembly. Thank you all and God bless you all."   As at the time of filing this report, there was jubilation in Isoko nation as women, men and youths took to the streets in Oleh, dancing because of the declaration of Onowakpo-Thomas as the winner of the election.  