The monarch according to reports was shot dead in his palace on Monday night when the hoodlums stormed his residence.
Governor David Umahi, who confirmed the brutal killing of the traditional ruler on Tuesday, directed security agencies in the state to move into the area for a rescue mission. A traditional ruler of Umuezeokaoha Community in Ezza North local government area of Ebonyi State, South East, Ezeogo Igboke Ewa has been killed by gunmen suspected to be political thugs.
The monarch according to reports was shot dead in his palace on Monday night when the hoodlums stormed his residence.
Governor David Umahi, who confirmed the brutal killing of the traditional ruler on Tuesday, directed security agencies in the state to move into the area for a rescue mission.
According to Governor Umahi in a statement issued by the State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr Uchenna Orji, the government condemned the killing, vowing anyone that had hand in the murder of monarch would be fished out.
The statement partly read, “It has been brought to the attention of the Governor of Ebonyi State that just this evening Monday the 26th of February, 2023 that the Chairman of Ezza Traditional rulers council, His Majesty Eze Igboke Ewa was shot dead this night by people suspected to be political thugs for not supporting a particular party. “The governor is aware that a number of candidates have been making provocative and inciting statements about the election results in Ebonyi State.
“The governor of Ebonyi State warns that no position in life is worth the life of another person. “The governor is directing the whole Security apparatus of the State to move into Ezza North for a rescue mission. Anybody whose hand is in the killing of His Highness must be arrested immediately."
While the governor appealed to all leaders of the State and the candidates who didn’t accept the outcome of the Saturday's presidential and National Assembly elections in the state seek a legal redress in court and making inciting statements that could generate crisis in the state.
“The governor appeals to all leaders of the state and the candidates who will never accept the results of the election to send their petitions to INEC or to security agencies, than making inciting statements that could generate crisis in the state. “The governor will hold anyone doing press conferences or social media to incite people responsible for any outbreak of crisis in the state. “The governor appeals to Ebonyi people especially our youths not to be used to taking the life of another person. Please we have no alternative to peace in Ebonyi State.”