IPOB in a statement released on Tuesday by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, said the allegation that Emefiele is sponsoring its Biafra Nation movement in the Southeast region of the country is a plot to humiliate the CBN governor out of office. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has denied the allegation by the Department of State Services (DSS) that the secessionist group is being funded by the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele.  IPOB in a statement released on Tuesday by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, said the allegation that Emefiele is sponsoring its Biafra Nation movement in the Southeast region of the country is a plot to humiliate the CBN governor out of office.  SaharaReporters had reported that the DSS in court documents obtained by PREMIUM TIMES accused the CBN governor of sponsoring some terrorist groups including IPOB, its armed unit codenamed the Eastern Security Network (ESN), the gunmen that have been terrorising the entire South-East region and others.  Reacting to the DSS allegation, IPOB described it as “childish and fabricated lies”. It said it is obvious why the DSS was hellbent on “arresting Emefiele at all cost,” adding that it wants to “frame, arrest, and humiliate him out of CBN as they did to other Southeasterners who worked for them, thinking they were friends of the Fulani rulers of Nigeria but they didn't know that the Fulanis keep no friends.”  IPOB further said, “They should also keep in mind that they want another janjaweed to take over their Fulanization agenda and continue the subjugation of the nations and people forced into this luciferian enclave called the Zoological Republic of Nigeria.  “We are waiting when DSS, out of confusion and desperation, will accuse the mask wearer, imposter president called Buhari of funding IPOB.  “For the record's sake, IPOB doesn't know the person called Godwin Emefiele. We just know that he is the man in charge of the corrupt financial institution they call CBN. Godwin Emefiele doesn't have money to finance IPOB because IPOB is bigger than him, his government entity including the DSS making such spurious idiotic and insulting allegations.  “IPOB movement is being financed and sponsored by its members scattered all over the world through our free will financial support. DSS can't claim ignorance of such sources of funding of IPOB because they have the intelligence unless they want to tell the world that they are daft.  “DSS as an institution has displayed yet again ignorance and stupidity by saying that Emefiele uses CBN money to sponsor IPOB. IPOB Intel will soon expose DSS's secret sponsor of ISWAP, Boko Haram terrorists and bandits in the North.  “Moreso, DSS should not forget that they are behind the unknown gunmen activities in the Southeast. The DSS Director and his criminal agents should stop blackmailing IPOB because it wouldn't stop our push for a UN-supervised referendum. He who lives in a glass house should not throw stones. IPOB Intel is more sophisticated than DSS's, and time will tell.”  The secessionist group said the “latest DSS false accusation against Mr. Emefiele shows how clueless and uninformed they are  about IPOB activities.”  It warned the DSS should stop “stop blackmailing IPOB, or our matters will destroy them.” 