The time grows shorter by the day to the dreadful February 25, the presidential election day. Over the past eight years, Nigeria has fallen into crisis and chaos teetering on the brink of anarchy. The country is being run by a shamefully, disgracefully, and bestially gang of racketeers.  Who wants to be president of Nigeria that no longer exists? Yes, Nigeria no longer exists! For a moment consider the following: A country of evil run by lunatic leaders with unbalanced behavior characterized by selfishness, wickedness, corruption, greed, ignorance, and foolishness.  Who wants to be president where police and soldiers who are meant to protect kill citizens? Who wants to be president of a country that kills its own children? Who wants to be president of a country of barbarism? A country without a compass. A country that’s killing its young. A country that torments its elderly. A country that forced its young women into prostitution. A country that turned its young men into kidnappers, armed robbers, merchants and killers for money rituals.  Who wants to be president of a country that manufactures hunger, disease, and sufferings for its people? A country that has immobilized or imprisoned its citizens. A country where the head of a cow is more expensive than the head of a human. A country where human parts serve as rotisserie chicken and suya delicacies. A country whose National Assembly members are thieves, plunderers and murderers. A country where lunatics run the asylum. A country where each citizen is a “constituted authority” responsible for personal safety and security, provision of water, electricity, roads, and other critical infrastructures.  Who wants to be president of the world’s fifth-largest producer of oil but has no fuel? A country with the world’s greatest number of churches but without Christians. A country dotted with mosques but with no Muslims. A country where domestic animals enjoy more freedom of movement, freedom of speech, and freedom of assembly than citizens. A country where insanity drives sanity. A country where darkness is preferred to light. A country where evil triumphs over good. A country where leaders are leeches. A country where life has no meaning, no purpose, and no use.  Who wants to be president of Nigeria? Those who destroyed Nigeria are running for president of a country that no longer exists!  bjoluwasanmi@gmail.com