Some Labour Party supporters were attacked during the party’s presidential campaign rally in Lagos State on Saturday, leaving at least four persons injured. The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos state has described the allegation of its involvement in attacks on opposition campaign trains in the state as baseless and untrue. Some Labour Party supporters were attacked during the party’s presidential campaign rally in Lagos State on Saturday, leaving at least four persons injured. APC distanced itself from attacks on LP rally on Saturday, insisting that its members were not involved in any attack. The APC publicity secretary, Seye Oladejo, who made this known at the weekend, noted that APC remained the biggest stakeholder to ensure that there was no breakdown of law and order in the state. He said, “We read with amazement the baseless allegations of the  Labour Party accusing the ruling  Lagos APC of being responsible for the attack of their supporters in Lagos. "It is irresponsible and reckless of the tottering party to level such a wild allegation without any substantial proof. The APC as the ruling party in Lagos State remains the biggest stakeholder to ensure that there’s no breakdown of law and order. "We want to state unequivocally that our members were not involved in any attack. Our investigation into the concerned local government made nonsense of the allegation. "Our position has always been for the security agencies to do their job and bring those found culpable in any attack to book. "Those who alleged must be able to provide evidence and point at suspects and leave the rest to the police and other security agencies. We abhor violence as a party. Everybody has the constitutional right to support whichever party they choose and we don’t think that should make for any kind of violence. "We don’t see the Labour or any other party as a threat. "It’s important to put it on record that every indication points to our victory in the coming elections based on the widely acknowledged great performance of the state governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-olu and other elected and appointed government officials during the outgoing tenure.  "Our members have no business unleashing attacks on the opposition party. The state government remains committed to the security of the lives and property of all Lagosians irrespective of political affiliation. "The Labour Party will do well if it desists from needless blackmail and face the substance of the expectations of the electorates,” the statement added. 