The group also dismissed the foreign security alerts over the general elections, noting that some of those advisories are not for the ultimate benefit of the country, as it scares people away. The Human and Environmental Development Agenda (HEDA Resource Centre) on Tuesday said that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN Naira) policy situation should be a propelling force for Nigerians to express their positions and wishes during Saturday's general elections. The group also dismissed the foreign security alerts over the general elections, noting that some of those advisories are not for the ultimate benefit of the country, as it scares people away. Protests are escalating over new Naira notes’ scarcity, in Nigeria following the redesign, and confusion resulting from deadlines, conflicting Federal Government directives, and court judgments. The United Kingdom and Australia had asked their citizens not to embark on travels to Nigeria in the latest security advisories issued in January. In the same vein, the European Union cautioned that insecurity might prevent elections from taking place in some parts of the country. The EU said the "security climate" in Nigeria was very hostile as the 2023 general elections approaches. However, Mr Olanrewaju Suraju, Chairman of HEDA while speaking at the 29th Anti-Corruption Situation Room (ACSR) organised by the Human and Environmental Development Agenda (HEDA Resource Centre) said it does not necessarily mean that there were no reasons for the advisory, saying it was not properly managed in such a way that would not also pose additional danger and threat to the people. He said; "We should actually for as much as possible, dismiss some of those foreign security reports that actually threaten the peaceful and also effective turnout of the people for the election, because some of those advisories are not for the ultimate benefit of the country, It scares people away. "You can imagine when there was the scare about the US, and the whole threat, which never happened. It does not necessarily mean that there were no reasons for the advisory, but it was not properly managed to have allowed for that effective situation, that would not also pose additional danger and threat to the people. "So with this, there shouldn't be any reason to legitimize any form of protests, after the election. People should not only trust in the electoral process, but people should monitor it and that is the kind of advice that is necessary. "Anybody that is interested in the outcome of the election should be there, we have the Bvas now to check the substantial level of the events, any attempt for manipulation, rigging and the rest of that at the poll. "People should be vigilant to the extent of ensuring that they are part of the process from the accreditation point up to the voting and also the counting of the votes, not only just counting of the votes, but ensuring that the number of votes cast is equal to the number of accredited voters on the previous machines so that we don't have discrepancies at the end of it that will give room for litigation. "But otherwise I can see that Nigerians are going to be peaceful, they're going to vote and there's a likelihood of some impressive turnout in areas where the security situation will permit people to do that. "I am not seeing the scarcity of the Naira note affecting the election, because people are not really buying things during the election. People are not expected to transport and pay for transportation during the election. Polling units are usually around people's area except for those that might need the resources to travel to the voting centers at their state of origin or wherever to vote. "I think the naira thing should be a propelling force for people to actually take the opportunity to express their position, their wish and their inspiration for the outcome of the election by ensuring that they go out for justice.”