Diri said as the leader of the party in the state, he had not directed anybody to work against any candidate of the PDP adding that all the candidates were his candidates. Governor Douye Diri of Bayelsa State has sounded a note of warning to some members of the Peoples Democratic Party in the state and some of his cabinet members who are using his name to work against any candidate of the party to desist from that such or resign. Diri said as the leader of the party in the state, he had not directed anybody to work against any candidate of the PDP adding that all the candidates were his candidates. The governor handed down the warning while flagging-off the medical outreach at Igeibiri community in Southern ijaw local government area of the state as part of activities marking his third year anniversary in office. He said some people were in the government of PDP and were working against the interests of the party and supporting candidates of the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Labour Party. "I have not directed anybody to work for any candidate in another party. I am the leader of the party and all the candidates are my candidates.” Addressing the community on the flagging-off of the medical outreach, the governor said, if the people were not healthy, they could not prosper. He said the medical outreach had become an annual ritual as party of activities to mark his stay in office. "So, health officers will be go round the whole communities in the state and everything has been paid for including surgical cases. Avail yourself this opportunity and be healthy. "I have directed the Commissioner of Health to construct a Primary Healthcare centre in Igeibiri community so that the people can have easy access to health facilities. All we require of you is your support. “We will continue to open up our communities for easy access to reduce the sufferings of travelling by water. We will link up all the communities by roads. PDP is the only party that has brought development to the state.” 