The state education ministry had ordered the temporary closure of Chrisland School, Opebi-Ikeja, following the reported death the student of the school. A relation of Whytney Adeniran, the 12-year-old student of Chrisland School, who died last Thursday has knocked the school for not fully shutting down as directed by the Lagos State Government.  The state education ministry had ordered the temporary closure of Chrisland School, Opebi-Ikeja, following the reported death the student of the school.  A release signed by the state education commissioner, Mrs. Folasade Adefisayo said the closure was ordered pending the outcome of a full investigation into the unfortunate incident.  Following the order, security officials have been deployed at the entrance of the school. Meanwhile, a relation of the deceased student, who identified herself as Constance, Monday said the school was not fully shut down despite the directive given by the government. While speaking with BBC Pidgin in a live feed monitored by SaharaReporters, she said people were seen going in and coming out of the school.  She said parents were seen entering and exiting the school, adding that there was no signage there to indicate that the school had been closed down.  She said, "On reaching here, people are going in and coming out, there are workers and cars have been driving in and there is no signage whatsoever showing that this school is shut down. On the other part where they have primary section, parents have been bringing their children in and cars have been driving in and coming out.  "When I asked why is the school open, they told me that the primary school was opened, that the deceased was in the secondary school, and it is the secondary school that is not open." According to Constance, the primary and secondary arms of the school are owned and run by the same management, so both arms are supposed to be shut down. She also said that the deceased did not slump and die as claimed by the school management.  "The child never slumped. You have seen somebody who has died. A child of that age cannot slump and die. A child of that age cannot have cardiac arrest and just one attack the child will pass away.  "Even if that is what they called it, that the child slumped and died, will the child’s tongue be out and black? Will the child's lips be black? Will the entire skin of the body of the child be black? And why are they pressurizing us to bury the child?"  SaharaReporters earlier reported that a yet-to-be identified student of the school alleged that the deceased 12-year-old student died from electrocution.  The purported Chrisland student made the claim in a trending audio.  She said the deceased died after mistakenly touching a naked wire from one cotton candy vendor machine.  “We went for inter-house sport and in my own school, we do go to the stadium. In the stadium, there are machines like cotton candy vendor machine, popcorn machine and stuff like that.  “So Whitney always buys like popcorn, so she went there; she was so excited for inter-house sport, you know and she now mistakenly touched the cotton candy vendor machine, she now got electrocuted and then she now fainted.   “Her mouth was foaming; her veins were popping. Her tongue just disappeared, they now poured water on her and took her to the back, and then they took her to the hospital,” the student said in the audio. 