The union lamented that its members received their last salaries and third-party deductions in October 2022. Plateau State University workers under the umbrella of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) have given Governor Simon Lalong-led government five days to pay the four months backlog of unpaid salaries of members of the union.  SSANU in a communique issued at its emergency executive meeting held on February 7 but made available to SaharaReporters on Wednesday, February 15, lamented the neglect of the state university senior staff members by the Lalong administration despite claiming to be worker-friendly.  The union lamented that its members received their last salaries and third-party deductions in October 2022 while the state government claimed it had cleared the salaries of workers in the state up to December 2022.  The communique signed by the SSANU Chairman of the university, Timnan Rimdap and the Secretary, Fom Dakwak, stated that the union “notes with deep concern that though the Governor Lalong administration started well as far as issues of workers’ welfare are concerned, particularly in the area of prompt payment of salaries and pension, the administration appears to be indifferent about that obligation to staff of the University.  “SSANU notes with worry the untold hardship being faced by staff of the University who have laboured for three (3) months without salaries and are even due for the fourth month - February 2023.  “SSANU is disappointed that even though the Governor graced the recent convocation of the University, he didn’t address the problem of arrears of salaries owed staff of the institution.  “SSANU is taken aback by a statement credited to the State APC Chairman commending the State Governor for paying workers’ salaries and third-party deductions up to December 2022 while staff of the State University have only been paid up to October 2022.  “SSANU is surprised that a government which prides itself on being worker friendly has gradually assumed an anti-labour posture.  “SSANU calls on the Governor Lalong administration to live up to its obligation by clearing the backlog of salaries owed to staff of the University in the next five (5) days in order to forestall the breakdown of industrial harmony.” 