Speaking to SaharaReporters, the engineering student, Aisha Abdullahi, said her father, a Deputy Superintendent of Police attached to the Niger State Police Command, has been sick for over two weeks and is also owing hospital bills. A daughter of a senior Nigerian police officer has lamented the non-payment of six months arrears of his father by the police authorities, which she said has brought misery to her family. Speaking to SaharaReporters, the engineering student, Aisha Abdullahi, said her father, a Deputy Superintendent of Police attached to the Niger State Police Command, has been sick for over two weeks and is also owing hospital bills. “Please, my father is a senior police officer and he has been on a sick been for two weeks now. Kindly help us beg the federal government to pay his 6 months’ salary arrears, let us use it to settle his hospital bill and help him. “I am an engineering student; l have been unable to pay my fees right from our resumption after strike as well,” Abdullahi said. President Muhammadu Buhari in 2021 approved a new salary structure for the Force. The approved police salary structure whose implementation was supposed to have commenced in January 2022 only started in July 2022 with only one month arrears of payment, with six months outstanding. Sources however told SaharaReporters that personnel on grade levels 03, 04, 05, 06 and a few 07 police officers were paid part of the arrears while those in grade levels 08, 09, 10 and 11 were not paid. According to one of the sources, "They started paying last week but it was stopped on Tuesday January 4, 2023. Everywhere is quiet and nobody can say this is the cause. “They paid only grade level 03,04,05,06 and few 07 without paying 08,09,10,11 but AC to IG have received their four months arrears." They added that Assistant Commissioners of Police (ACP) up to the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, had however been paid four months arrears. Those affected by the nonpayment of the salary arrears include senior inspectors, Assistant Superintendents of Police, Deputy Superintendents of Police, Superintendents of Police, and Chief Superintendents of Police. 