Insisting that the Labour Party Senatorial candidate was killed, the chairman said that there was no other logic that someone was shot in his vehicle and set ablaze. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has cancelled the Enugu East Senatorial election earlier scheduled for Saturday, February 25, 2023. The cancellation was sequel to Wednesday’s murder of the Labour Party candidate for the election, Oyibo Chukwu, who was shot and set ablaze alongside five others with him. The state Chairman of Labour Party, Casmir Agbo, who disclosed the cancellation of the Senate election, described the gruesome killing of their candidate as shocking and unacceptable in democracy. Agbo explained that following the death of Oyibo Chukwu, the party wrote the national leadership of Labour Party which officially informed the INEC leadership of the development in the state.  He said, “Consequently, INEC advised us and we met and wrote to INEC Abuja through the National Headquarters in line with Section 33 and 34. The party has 14 days to nominate another candidate for substitution.”  “In line with the electoral act we have done what we ought to do and yesterday INEC cancelled the election. We will hold our primary election in the next 14 days. So the election has been cancelled and a new date will be fixed by INEC," he said. Insisting that the Labour Party Senatorial candidate was killed, the chairman said that there was no other logic that someone was shot in his vehicle and set ablaze. "They planned it; the man was coming back from his village Amuri and they double crossed him at Amechi. They shot him in his car alongside other occupants and poured fuel in his vehicle and burnt it. So it wasn’t an accident or armed robbery; nothing like that. It was well planned and executed. “So he was murdered. Oyibo Chukwu was murdered by assailants. Investigations are still on but the party sees it as a political murder. "His death will not deter the party; it will rather act as a boost. We won’t lose another person but we shall win this election in landslide victory.  “Enugu East belongs to Labour Party. Enugu State belongs to Labour Party. Killing somebody will not deter us.”