Politics with ethnicity in Nigeria has become a major challenge that has dragged us backwards and crippled our sense of reasoning as well as our quest for good governance.  The Yorubas, for several decades, have been known for being wise and educated – a people who travelled to the length and breadth of the world even before the advent of colonisation in Nigeria.  The Yoruba’s culture, heritage, traditional way of life, and system of government were unique before the British imposed its slave trade upon us. We are a people of pride, knowledge and skill.  Great leaders like Chief Obafemi Awolowo and Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti, who sacrificed their lives for the betterment of Yorubaland will never be happy with how some greedy Yoruba sons and daughters sold out their heritage in exchange for Naira.  The roof under which the Yorubas slept has been blown away by thunderstorm. The house built with gold has been demolished by hoodlums who claim to be sons and daughters of the parents who sacrificed their lives for a better future for their children.  Thousands of Yoruba people have vacated their ancestral homes because of the invasion by Fulani herdsmen who infiltrated their lands from several miles away to attack and kill innocent people on their own territory.  A well-cultured land where a man was forced to witness how his wife and daughter were raped and killed by the intruders called Fulani herdsmen! A land where a wife saw how her husband was butchered to death!  Some homes are still mourning the deaths of their beloved sons and daughters, and more people will likely be thrown into mourning in the coming days, weeks or months because the so-called Yoruba “leaders” are unconcerned about their own people!  Chief Sunday Igboho was fighting for the emancipation of the Yoruba Nation, yet he was betrayed and sold out to the federal government by the same people who are running helter-skelter shouting “Emilokan” as if their manhood has stopped functioning.  Igboho was arrested in Benin Republic on the order of a Fulani man and with the firm support of a Yoruba man whose ambition is to become Nigeria’s president through hook or crook.  Where was the so-called “Yoruba Ronu” when Pa Fasoranti’s daughter was killed by Fulani herdsmen in Ondo State? Where was the so-called “Yoruba Ronu” when Fulani herdsmen invaded Igangan, Asa, and Owo churches, killing hundreds of worshippers in cold blood? I guess they were sleeping or intoxicated for a period of eight [8] years and could therefore not see what Yoruba sons and daughters were going through on a daily basis.  The irony is that those who were supposed to protect us using their positions as “Yoruba leaders” are the same people who sold us out because of their personal interests.  Political hawks should stop using Yoruba names to commit fraud or negotiate their personal interests. Yorubas are not wayward people, they are a people of high calibre. We are royal people that are well-trained, we’ll never support sell-outs.  In conclusion, therefore, Bola Ahmed Tinubu should desist forthwith from further using Yoruba as a basic tool for his campaigns. Yorubas are people with wisdom, they will never forget the history of how he supported the killings of several Yoruba people in the Southwest.  If Tinubu fails to win the 2023 presidential election, heavens will never collapse on us. If he is truly a son of the house as he claims, he should retire from politics and join hands with the people and call for Yoruba Nation.