The rampaging gunmen also attacked a police Station in Nnobi in the same local government area and a residential building within the police station, killing a 16-year-old boy said to be a relation of one of the policemen and wounded another 15-year-old girl. There is tension in Anambra State as gunmen terrorising the state on Wednesday morning attacked the office of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Ojoto, Idemili South Local Government of the State and destroyed the facility with an improvised explosive device (IED). The rampaging gunmen also attacked a police Station in Nnobi in the same local government area and a residential building within the police station, killing a 16-year-old boy said to be a relation of one of the policemen and wounded another 15-year-old girl. The Anambra State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, who confirmed the incidents in a press statement, said the attacks took place at about 1:45am as he also confirmed that the attackers came in large numbers in four Toyota Sienna vehicles. The police spokesperson however said that the command has already made heavy deployment of security personnel around the state to forestall future attacks in other places. “Anambra State Police Command today 1/2/2023 has reinforced security deployment in the state, following an attack on the INEC office in Idemili south, Ojoto and Nnobi Police Station. “The hoodlums came in their numbers by 1:45 am today 1/2/2023, with four unmarked Sienna vehicles, armed with IEDs, Petrol bombs and other explosives. “They invaded the INEC office, the police station and the residential building in the station. Unfortunately, one boy aged 16 years, a relative of a serving policeman in the station was murdered by the armed men, while the other, a female aged 15 years old sustained a gunshot injury. She has been taken to the hospital where she is receiving treatment. “The situation is being monitored and further details shall be communicated, please,” Ikenga said. 