Ikenga is also the Peoples Democratic Party House of Representatives candidate for Ideato North and South Federal Constituency. The High Court of the Federal Capital Territory has restrained the Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodinma from acting through or together with the police, State Security Service (otherwise called Department of State Services), Ebubeagu Security Network and other security agencies from inviting, arresting, detaining or charging the spokesperson for the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP), Ikenga Ugochinyere with any trumped-up charges or allegations. Ikenga is also the Peoples Democratic Party House of Representatives candidate for Ideato North and South Federal Constituency. He is being accused of treasonable felony, terrorism, murder, arson, kidnapping, publishing of seditious materials and other threats to national security. SaharaReporters had reported that some gunmen attacked Ikenga’s Akokwa country home on January 14, where they killed four relations including his uncle and burnt over 34 vehicles and houses. Not satisfied with the vicious attack, on February 7, some yet-to-be-identified gunmen suspected to be government thugs again invaded the CUPP spokesperson's house. Ikenga has consistently pointed accusing fingers at the state government and its agents for being behind the attacks on him for exposing the grand manipulation of the voter register, which is now popularly called ‘Omuma Magic’. In a ruling on an ex parte application brought by the CUPP spokesperson, the judge on Wednesday also granted prayers for substituted service of the originating processes on the Governor of Imo State and Ebubeagu Security Network to be served through any adult staff member of Imo State liaison office, Abuja. The court also granted an order setting aside, quashing, invalidating and nullifying any charge filed against Ikenga or any remand order against him while also restraining the Respondents from further invading the family house and residence of Mr. Ugochinyere in Ideato or abducting, beating, humiliating or assassinating him. The Respondents were also restrained from attacking his supporters, motorcade or campaign convoy. Justice Adepoju thereafter adjourned the matter to March 1, 2023 for the hearing of the Motion on Notice.