According to the forum, the election is the best chance for the South-East to produce the Nigeria's president since independence in 1960. The Igbo Elders Consultative Forum has warned that those calling for sit-at-home or elections boycott in Southeast would be regarded as enemies of Igbo nation. Lamenting the implications of the election boycott, the forum advised pro-Biafra groups that the best way to achieve Biafra would be through their votes and not bullets. The Igbo Elders, comprising the former chairman of the Police Service Commission, Chief Simeon Okeke; a former governor of Anambra State, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife, Prof Charles Nwekeaku, among others gave the warning during a press conference in Abuja on Wednesday. According to the forum, the election is the best chance for the South-East to produce the Nigeria's president since independence in 1960. Okeke, who addressed the conference, insisted that “Elections in the South-East must be held," while urging the people of the South-East to turn out in force on February 25 to vote for the candidates of their choice. "Those calling for a sit-in at home will be regarded as enemies of the Igbo nation. “To those who are demanding a separate country called Biafra, don’t forget that your fathers and grandfathers demanded and fought to have that same Biafra roughly 52 years ago. Millions died in action and out of sheer starvation. Some of us here participated in that bloody war. "What makes you believe that you can win that war this time through extreme activism? That war was fought with guns, armoured tanks, etc. We must think strategically in determining how to structure the future for our people, children, and grandchildren.”  The elders urged the people of the region to learn from history and similar situations with the method adopted across the globe.  He continued, “You could argue that your demand for separate existence is a basic human right. But the quest for a separate existence is not restricted to Nigeria. In Britain, for instance, Scotland, which is part of that country, is seeking a separate existence. So is the case in Spain, where Barcelona is demanding the same. None of them is demanding it by killing and maiming their fellow countrymen and women, by imposing a needless sit-at-home order.  “They do it by participating actively in their country’s general elections, where they sponsor candidates who will be their voice in their parliament, where they argue their case and push it via a referendum to decide which way to go.  "Why not borrow a leaf from them and pursue your demand in a civilised manner? You can never get Biafra through violence, slaughtering yourselves, or sitting at home when parents should be at work and children should be in school.  “South-East residents have been coerced into complying with a sit-at-home order. This irregularity, which has also been extended to the Election Day, when people are looking forward to using their vote to speak their minds, must not be allowed to happen.  “It is for this reason that the combined voices of elders, youths, men, women, and our retired military and paramilitary officers have come out to state unequivocally and reject this situation in its entirety.”