Atiku added that if elected, he would bring those who stole Calabar Port Project money to book. The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, has promised to develop the Calabar Port as part of efforts to promote commercial activities in the South-South region of the country. He disclosed this on Monday in Cross River State during the PDP presidential campaign rally at the UJ Esuene Stadium in Calabar. Atiku added that if elected, he would bring those who stole Calabar Port Project money to book. He said he would ensure the construction of rail lines from Lagos through Calabar to Port Harcourt while promising to link the state with other parts of the country through the construction of road infrastructure. “If you open up the Calabar port, it will create massive business and important opportunities for the people of Cross River State. Another thing you should understand, the moment the Calabar port is expanded and is functional, it is going to be an attraction to factories and businesses and it will be to the benefit of the people of Cross River State. We’ll get those who stole Calabar Port project money. “I have factories in Adamawa, if the port in Cross River is functioning, I will not take my container to Lagos port, because it is shorter for me to take my containers from here to Yola. “What I am trying to say is that when we open up the Calabar Port, the Eastern flank of Nigeria will be served by the port and that is very massive business and employment opportunities for the people of the region. ”One thing you must understand is that the moment the Calabar port is functional it will be an attraction to factories and businesses and it will be to the benefit of Cross River state. “This is just one, again agricultural potentials are going to be multiplied. So developing Calabar port alone is going to be an abundant opportunity for the people of Cross River and I promise you, if you vote for PDP for the president and governorship, we will work together with your governors, your legislators we will implement this policy which has been grounded by APC. “There is the issue of infrastructural development, that is first of all, the road networks connecting you with neighbouring states and then secondly the proposed rail line from Lagos through Calabar to Port Harcourt,” Atiku said.  In a vague reference to the governor of Cross River state, Ben Ayade and others who defected from PDP, the National Chairman of the party, Senator Iyorcha Ayu, who also spoke at the campaign rally, said they would come back.