SaharaReporters reported on February 1, 2023 that Governor Wike's administration withdrew the initial approval it granted to the party to use the stadium for campaign. Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, South-South Nigeria has again given the National Working Committee of the Peoples Democratic Party approval to use the Adokiye Amiesimaka Stadium in the state to host its presidential campaign rally. SaharaReporters reported on February 1, 2023 that Governor Wike's administration withdrew the initial approval it granted to the party to use the stadium for campaign. The sports commissioner in the state, Barr Chris Green, in a circular issued on January 31, explained that the decision to withdrawal the initial approval was taken because of their discovery that the PDP was in alliance with some members of the All Progressives Congress in the state.  The statement read: “Refer to our letter reference no. MOS/C/409/5.49/T/15 of 11th January, 2023 approving the use of the Adokiye Amiesimaka Stadium for your Presidential Campaign Rally scheduled to hold on the 11th day of February, 2023.  “Credible intelligence available to the Government of Rivers State and recent developments now show that your Presidential Campaign Organization is working in collaboration and in-cohoots with a faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State led by Tonye Patrick Cole and that it is the intention of your Presidential Campaign Organization to accommodate and share the approved facility for your campaign with the said faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC)," the statement partly read.  However, on Tuesday, during the state PDP campaign rally in the Ogu/Bolo Local Government Area, Wike said the government has reapproved the use of the stadium for the PDP following pleas made by several persons. Wike described a claim made by the National Chairman of the party, Iyorchia Ayu that a member of the G-5 visited him as false. The G-5, also known as Integrity Group comprises five governors in the PDP, including Wike, who called on Ayu to step down from office. Governors Wike, Seyi Makinde (Oyo State), Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu State), Samuel Ortom (Benue State) and Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State fell out with their party’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar over the refusal of Ayu to step down for a southerner. The governors argue that Ayu and Atiku both hail from northern Nigeria, and that it is only fair that Ayu resign after the latter emerged as the PDP presidential candidate, following his victory in the primary election of the party. After losing to Atiku, Wike alleged that there was a gang-up against him and accused Ayu of being involved in the conspiracy to ensure he did not win. According to the governors, the next Nigerian president should be from the southern region because the incumbent, President Muhammadu Buhari is also from the north.  Since the return of democracy in Nigeria on May 29, 1999, the choice of who becomes president has alternated between the northern and the southern regions. 