The attack, it was gathered happened at Amechi Awkunanaw, the country home of the former Senate President, Chief Ken Nnamani and Chief Jim Nwobodo, former Governor of old Anambra state on Wednesday evening while he was returning to Agbani, his country home. There was palpable tension in the Enugu State capital on Wednesday night as gunmen suspected to be political thugs killed and burnt the senatorial candidate of the Labour Party for Enugu East senatorial district, Mr Oyibo Chukwu.  The attack, it was gathered happened at Amechi Awkunanaw, the country home of the former Senate President, Chief Ken Nnamani and Chief Jim Nwobodo, former Governor of old Anambra state on Wednesday evening while he was returning to Agbani, his country home.  The gunmen also reportedly killed five supporters, who were said to be with him inside his car.  Amechi Awkunanaw is in Enugu South Local Government Area of the state and less than 10 minute’s drive to the Government House.  The governorship candidate of the Labour Party, Hon Chijioke Edeoga, has confirmed the unfortunate incident.  According to him, the gunmen shot Chukwu in his vehicle with five other people with him and set the car ablaze.  "It is true that our senatorial candidate for Enugu East senatorial district for Saturday's election has been killed. It is clear that six of them are dead. They (gunmen) shot him with six others with him and set them ablaze.  "Our party members are being targeted for assassination by gunmen believed are working for some candidates that felt their chances in the forthcoming elections are threatened by the rise of Labour Party in the State. So, they are now targeting our members and supporters for assassination," he said.  SaharaReporters had reported that gunmen believed to be political thugs had attacked labour party campaigns and political activities in several local government areas.  Labour Party activities in Awgu, Aninri, Nkanu East, Nkanu West, Isi-Uzo, Igbo-Eze North, Igbo-Eze South, Ezeagu have been disrupted, and properties worth millions of naira have been destroyed.  Party members and supporters were also injured and on one occasion, a woman was killed.  Meanwhile, efforts to get a comment from the state police command were unsuccessful as the command's spokesman, DSP Daniel Ndukwe, could not be reached by telephone at the time of filing this report. 