He boastfully said it was a barefaced lie to claim that the naira redesign would prevent terrorists from accessing money. A notorious terrorists' leader, Kachalla Baleri, has made mockery of the Nigerian government's supposed plan to frustrate terrorists in the country with the redesigned Naira notes. Baleri in a viral video where he was surrounded by his men made a show of and boasted of being in possession of at least N10 million new notes, which according to him, was enough for him to buy sophisticated weapons for his monstrous activities. The President Muhammadu Buhari-led Nigerian government had told Nigerians that one of the reasons for redesigning the N200, N500 and N1000 notes was to include security measures that deter terrorists from freely getting hold of the currency. However, in a viral video seen by SaharaReporters, Baleri who is said to have been the one who led the attack and kidnapping of the Greenfield University students in Kaduna in 2021, boastfully said it was a barefaced lie to claim that the naira redesign would prevent terrorists from accessing money. Speaking in Hausa Language, the dreaded terrorists' leader said, "We are calling on leaders in Nigeria to be just and accountable to the masses. "Today in Nigeria, we are told that the new naira redesign is in the interest of the poor. However and laughably so, poor Nigerians, whether those in the city or in rural areas are bearing the brunt of the unpopular currency policy. "This is because many poor citizens don't even know where the next meal will come. "It is a barefaced lie to claim that the naira redesign will prevent terrorists, I mean those of us they designated as terrorists from accessing money. But you can see the new notes here with us. "It is only justice for all citizens that can bring lasting peace in this country. “As you can see, this one is the N200 new note, this other one is the N500 and this one is the N1,000 new notes. We are in the jungle but we have them." Baleri boasted that he had enough of the new naira notes to buy more weapons, saying he received over N10 million of the new notes. Meanwhile, many businesses have been shut down while Nigerians across the country groan and lament the unfortunate persisting scarcity of the new Naira notes.