The separatist group said Kalu was either ignorant or mischievous for saying so. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has berated the Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, for saying that its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, jumped bail in 2017. The separatist group said Kalu was either ignorant or mischievous for saying so. IPOB in a statement issued on Thursday by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, said it was troubled by what it described as Kalu’s “ridiculous statement”, alleging that the Nigerian government paid the lawmaker to destroy the secessionist group when its leader, Kanu was in detention between 2015 and 2017. IPOB said it watched with dismay the viral video from “a criminal and terrorist sponsor, Orji Uzor Kalu, where he said that our leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu jumped bail in 2017. “We are amused but troubled by that ridiculous statement from a supposed lawmaker from Abia North, Orji Uzor Kalu. It is unfortunate that poorly educated Orji Uzo Kalu is either ignorant of the law or he is being mischievous as an enemy of IPOB, Biafra, and particularly of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu can make such an ignorant statement publicly.” The pro-Biafra group alleged that “Kalu was the one that the federal government paid to destroy IPOB when MNK was in detention in 2015-2017. He visited MNK in prison to convince him to drop the Biafra restoration movement, but Mazi Nnamdi Kanu disappointed him. He went to bribe MNK's parents, and they rejected his bribe. “He went to bribe some IPOB leaders, but he failed. So, he totally failed to destroy the movement. In the end, MNK was granted bail in 2017. Having failed to stop MNK and IPOB, he and the ruling terrorist government of APC in Nigeria organized Operation Python Dance when they went to the house of our leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu to assassinate him. Chukwu Okike (God) saved MNK, but many IPOB members who were at our leader's house that day were killed.”  IPOB further challenged Kalu, saying “you claim to be a lawmaker, yet you don't know that Mazi Nnamdi Kanu did not jump bail. Orji Uzor Kalu's ranting in the viral video cannot change the verdicts of different courts in Nigeria”.  “We knew that you were among those who planned and bankrolled the kidnap and rendition of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu from Kenya to Nigeria. In the fullness of time, every double agent in Biafra Land will receive the consequences of their illicit actions,” the statement added.