Speaking to the Progressive Governors Forum (PGF) at the Presidential Villa in Abuja over the worsening cash crunch, President Muhammadu Buhari promised Nigerians seven days to resolve the problem.  A familiar air of indecision preceded Buhari’s response to the sufferings of Nigerians. Buhari, as if comforting a child who had been teased by the class bully, told hungry, suffering, and dying Nigerians “I will revert to the CBN and the Minting Company. There will be a decision one way or the other in the remaining seven days of the 10-day extension.” He looked grim and swallowed hard and frequently as he mixed foolishness with wickedness and totally detached even from his words.  For asking seven days, Buhari continues to revert to his trademark policy of indecision and inactivity with lackadaisical attitude that stems from gross incompetence and flawed leadership. Buhari’s regime is known for chaos, confusion, and contradiction. His eight-year rule is marked by so much turbulence, one of the most important has been Buhari himself: combining unpredictable quick mood shifts, a rancorous Aso Rock staff, a do-nothing cabinet, and his own fuzziness on details, policies, and initiatives. All these led to contentious decisions or indecisions. Buhari sees everything as a trial balloon.  Buhari doesn’t have what it takes to solving livelihood challenges and difficulties facing dying Nigerians. It’s sort of strange, but I think of Buhari’s decision to wait for seven days to act as April Fools’ Day. Everyday that Buhari is in office is like April Fools’ Day. We have become accustomed and inured with the morass that spews out of his indecisions. President Buhari, hunger can’t wait for seven days, In fact, hunger knows no holiday. The rate of undernourished, child stunting, child wasting, and child mortality in Nigeria are already at unacceptable level. Nigerians is suffering from extremely alarming level of hunger.  Over the past eight years, we have learned to wait to see our loved ones killed, tortured, and kidnapped. Nigerians have become familiar with the pain of waiting. Buhari’s seven-day wait before he takes action is a trap for Nigerians not to escape from starvation. We have also learned that there are things we cannot afford to wait for: Hunger can’t wait for seven days! Hungry families can’t wait for seven days! Mr. President, end the cash crunch madness today.  bjoluwasanmi@gmail.com