The party described the reports as “falsehoods and stupid propaganda”. The New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) has denied reports that its presidential candidate, Senator Musa Kwankwaso, would abandon his campaign on Wednesday to support the Peoples Democratic Party's (PDP) presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar.  The party described the reports as “falsehoods and stupid propaganda”.  It described Kwankwaso as being in the “race to win and will win” the 2023 presidential election.  This was stated in messages sent to Daily Independent on Monday by Agbo Major, National Publicity Secretary of the party, noting that “People write whatever they want with their phones”.  “Kwankwaso is in this race to win and will win,” he noted.  Kwankwaso, a former Kano State governor and former defence minister is one of the 18 candidates vying to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari this year.  According to the reports refuted by NNPP, Kwankwaso will “announce his withdrawal from the presidential race and declare support for Atiku Abubakar on Wednesday.”  SaharaReporters had also reported how some Northern leaders and forces were moving to ensure that the region presents a consensus presidential candidate ahead of the presidential election.  In separate conversations, sources revealed that some leaders in the North want Atiku as the region's consensus candidate.  "Our people have resolved to adopt a consensus candidate for 2023, and the person they have chosen is former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, the PDP candidate," a source revealed.  According to the source, who is a prominent member of the Northern Elders Forum, prominent leaders in the North have been putting pressure on Kwankwaso to drop his bid for the former Vice President.  “I can tell you that our leaders in the North have commenced moves to pressurise Senator Kwankwaso to drop his presidential bid for Atiku Abubakar in the interest of our people,” the source said.  Findings within Kwankwaso’s camp revealed that the former Kano State governor has remained adamant despite the pressures being put on him.