The protesters who reportedly set bonfires barricaded the Sagamu-Benin expressway and other parts of the area, preventing human and vehicular movements. Operatives of the Ogun State Command of the Nigeria Police Force have arrested 27 suspects over violent attacks and destruction of two commercial banks when chaos broke out in Sagamu town in the state on Monday morning over Naira notes’ scarcity. Announcing the arrest of the suspects a few hours after the violence, the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, SP Abimbola Oyeyemi, in a statement said normalcy had returned to the area. Oyeyemi said, “Normalcy has been restored in greater parts of Sagamu now. CP Frank Mba is personally leading police teams and some military men to tackle the situation. About 27 suspects have been arrested.” Meanwhile, there were reports of violence on Monday morning when some angry youths in Sagamu of the State, went on the rampage following their inability to withdraw cash as Naira scarcity persisted. The protesters who reportedly set bonfires barricaded the Sagamu-Benin expressway and other parts of the area, preventing human and vehicular movements. The violence, which was said to have broken out as early as 8a.m when the irate youths took to the streets, erupted as a result of the alleged stoppage of the banks’ operations. It was also reported that the angry youths got enraged when the Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) reportedly stopped dispensing cash last week. According to The Punch report, some residents of the area said two banks including Keynote and Union banks were damaged during the chaos. Reacting to the incident, the Akarigbo of Remo, Oba Babatunde Ajayi, in a statement called for calm and urged the people of the state to continue to accept the old Naira notes in line with the interim order of the Supreme Court. The statement read, “I appeal to all to remain calm and peaceful as we continue to engage the Federal Government. “This policy is not from the State or local government. Therefore, the destruction of lives and properties will only compound an already bad situation. “I urge our people to continue to accept the old notes in line with the Supreme Court ruling. No person who accepts the old notes would lose out. I can assure you of that, and please hold on to that promise.” “Further, I am also mandating all our market people to continue to accept the old notes. I hereby undertake that no one will lose out for possessing the old notes.”