The PDP recalled that Buhari in his Thursday national broadcast where he extended the validity of N200 note to April 10, 2023, acknowledged that his administration on the platform of the APC initiated and implemented the Naira redesign and swap policies. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has demanded that President Muhammadu Buhari should compel the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, to release hundreds of billions of new Naira notes he allegedly hoarded for vote-buying during the forthcoming general elections. The PDP recalled that Buhari in his Thursday national broadcast where he extended the validity of N200 note to April 10, 2023, acknowledged that his administration on the platform of the APC initiated and implemented the Naira redesign and swap policies. The PDP said that it “urges President Buhari to assuage the pain and anguish being experience by Nigerians over the current cash crunch in the country by demanding that leaders of the APC including its Presidential Candidate and governors immediately release the hundreds of billions of new Naira notes reportedly intercepted and hoarded by them for vote buying purposes. “It is instructive to note that Mr. President in his address to the nation earlier today, acknowledged that the Naira redesign and swap policies are programmes of the APC administration which is also completely in control of the production and circulation of the new notes. It is therefore clear that the PDP has no part in the entire process. “Our party had earlier alerted on how APC leaders allegedly sabotaged the system and diverted the new Naira notes so as to create widespread social unrest to justify their plan to derail the 2023 general elections and truncate our democracy.” The opposition party said that it had also “Exposed how APC governors are allegedly warehousing the new Naira notes in facilities in Lagos, Kano, Kogi, Kaduna, Imo and other States of the country for the purpose of vote buying in the Presidential election. “In the same vein, our party raised alarm on how the Tinubu/Shettima Campaign had orchestrated the current cash crunch as a strategy to cause crisis while inciting Nigerians to insurrection with the view to truncating the electoral process having come to the reality of the fact that the APC and its presidential candidate, Tinubu have been rejected by Nigerians ahead of the polls. “Our party sympathises with Nigerians over the pain, torture and distress brought upon our citizens by the selfish, vicious and anti-people APC leaders. The PDP again salutes the resilience of Nigerians in the face of APC-induced suffering. “The APC and its presidential candidate must come to terms with the fact that Nigerians are determined to vote in the PDP Presidential Candidate, Atiku come February 25, 2023. The threats and incitement to violence by the Tinubu Campaign cannot deter the people. “The PDP calls on President Buhari to put every measure in place to guarantee peaceful, free, fair, transparent and credible 2023 general elections as Nigerians are ready to go to the polls in their determination to vote.” 