Bello disclosed this on Thursday during a meeting with the stakeholders and the APC candidates in the state.  Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State has directed stakeholders of the ruling All Progressives Congress to ensure they do everything within their power to win the Saturday presidential and National Assembly election for the party. Bello disclosed this on Thursday during a meeting with the stakeholders and the APC candidates in the state. According to a source who attended the meeting, the governor asked the party members to 'strangle' candidates of the opposition parties especially Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan, the Kogi Central Senatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party. “Yahaya Bello had a meeting with Kogi APC Senatorial candidates and some party stakeholders last night. “He ordered them to do everything they can to win and said they should come back to him with their result sheet to show him they won the election "He said the little Natasha girl, anywhere you see her, press her neck, strangle her to death and come back," a source present at the meeting told SaharaReporters. In 2022, SaharaReporters reported how thugs loyal to Bello attacked the campaign flag-off of Akpoti-Uduaghan.   One person was shot while two other persons were macheted before the police repelled the attackers. Recall that Bello had openly threatened to use firepower on members of the opposition political parties in the state ahead of the 2023 general elections. He also said political opponents in the state that trespasses will never see the sun again, ahead of the 2023 general elections.   Thugs loyal to the ruling party in the state also destroyed the campaign billboards of Akpoti-Uduaghan. The Bello-led government had earlier asked the PDP to pay millions of Naira before its candidates could be allowed to paste posters or distribute flyers. The government had in a letter dated October 24 and addressed to the PDP chairman in the state demanded the payment of the fund within 14 days. However, despite the payment by Natasha, her campaign billboards across the five local government areas were destroyed by hoodlums suspected to be loyal to Governor Bello. “Despite the fact that Natasha Akpoti Uduaghan paid 11.2 million naira to the Kogi state government as signage fee, her billboards across the 5 local governments were destroyed by APC thugs working for the Governor,” a source had told SaharaReporters. 