This was contained in a statement released by the US Central Command, claiming that the arrested terrorist was involved in planning attacks on SDF-guarded detention centres and manufacturing improvised explosive devices. The US military on Saturday conducted a helicopter raid in eastern Syria, capturing an ISIS official, Batar. This was contained in a statement released by the US Central Command, claiming that the arrested terrorist was involved in planning attacks on SDF-guarded detention centres and manufacturing improvised explosive devices. The statement titled, “Helicopter Raid Captures ISIS Official, reads: “In the early morning of 18 Feb, US Central Command forces and Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) conducted a helicopter raid in eastern Syria, capturing Batar an ISIS Syria Province Official involved in planning attacks on SDF-guarded detention centers and manufacturing improvised explosive devices. “Extensive planning went into this operation to ensure its successful execution. No civilians and no SDF or US forces were killed or injured. Similarly, the troop also launched a rocket attack targeting Coalition Forces at Green Village in northeast Syria during the late hours of Saturday. According to a statement titled, “Rocket attack targets Green Village”, the US troop said there were no casualties recorded during the attack. The statement reads: “On Feb. 18, at 8:28 pm local time in Syria, two rockets landed near Coalition Forces at Green Village in northeast Syria. “No US or Coalition troops were killed or wounded and there was no damage to Coalition infrastructure or equipment. “US forces in northeast Syria are investigating this incident. There are no claims of responsibility at this time.” In a similar development, Bilal al-Sudani, a senior leader of the Islamic State terrorist group (ISIS) in Somalia, and 10 other ISIS fighters were also killed in a U.S. military operation in northern Somalia in January.   It was learnt that the military raid was carried out by the U.S. Special Operations Forces on a cave complex in northern Somalia. In the evening of February 18th, a rocket attack targeted Coalition Forces at Green Village in northeast Syria. pic.twitter.com/nPRWu3qxZG — U.S. Central Command (@CENTCOM) February 18, 2023 On the morning of 18 Feb, US and SDF forces conducted a helicopter raid in eastern Syria, capturing an ISIS official. pic.twitter.com/OMprEZmdCX — U.S. Central Command (@CENTCOM) February 18, 2023