Speaking on Tuesday during the PDP presidential campaign rally in Benue State, the PDP chairman claimed that only people with mental problems would vote for the APC. The Peoples Democratic Party National Chairman, Iyorchia Ayu, on Monday, urged Nigerians not to waste their votes by voting for the ruling All Progressives Congress in the forthcoming elections. Speaking on Tuesday during the PDP presidential campaign rally in Benue State, the PDP chairman claimed that only people with mental problems would vote for the APC. Ayu said, “All of you know that you have suffered in this country in the last eight years APC, only somebody who has a mental problem will vote for APC. Do not waste your vote.” Speaking on the PDP internal crisis, Ayu said reconciliation moves were ongoing and that the PDP leadership was in talks with aggrieved party members. “The party is not divided. There are a few members who have grievances. We are talking to them. We want to make sure they come back and work with us fully. One week is enough to change everything. This thing has been going on and I want to assure you that we’ll receive everybody back,” he said. He also appealed to Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, to join the PDP campaign train and participate in activities that would guarantee PDP’s victory during the presidential election. “I am appealing to my younger brother, Gov. Ortom to come back and join us so that we will fight to rescue Nigeria. Gov. Ortom has nowhere to go, his only house is the PDP and anytime that he comes, we shall be more than happy to receive him land all the PDP governors.” Earlier, Atiku Abubakar, the PDP presidential candidate, said the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration was complicit in the security challenges in Benue state. According to him, peace will return to Benue State when elected as the next President of Nigeria. He revealed that the measures he would adopt to ensure that peace returns to the state was for the Fulani and Tivs to sign a peace accord. He said, “The umbrella of Tiv people all over the world, I promise you, if you elect me as your president, just like I did in 2001 when I came to Benue and made the Fulanis sign a peace accord with their brother Tivs, I will come and make sure peace returns to Benue State.  “Benue State is the food basket of this country, today our farmers in Benue do not go to farm again because of insecurity. I will make sure security returns to Benue State. “I also promised you that by the grace of God, the issue of unemployment of our young men and women will be a thing of the past, that is why in my policy document, I said we are going to allocate 10 billion US dollars to empower our young men and women with enterprises.” 