According to the report, the statistics were collated from the feedback generated by 3,836 observers across the 774 local government areas (LGAs) in 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory. A report released by Yiaga Africa has shown that officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) arrived at only 27 per cent of polling units by 7:30 a.m. in preparation for Saturday’s presidential and legislative elections. According to the report, the statistics were collated from the feedback generated by 3,836 observers across the 774 local government areas (LGAs) in 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory. The organisation further alleged that the late arrival of polling unit officials was worsened by the late deployment of polling officials and election materials from Registration Areas Centres on Saturday morning. The report reads: “On Saturday, 25 February 2023, Yiaga Africa Watching The Vote deployed 3,836 observers across the 774 local government areas (LGAs) in 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory. These include 3,014 Parallel Vote Tabulation (PVT) observers deployed in pairs to a random, representative statistical sample of 1,507 polling units where they will remain throughout the day.  “This deployment will enable Yiaga Africa to independently verify the accuracy of the official presidential election results when they are announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Yiaga Africa also deployed mobile or roving observers to all the 774 Local Government Areas to capture critical incidents occurring both within and in the vicinity of polling units across the country and will also observe the process of collation in all LGA and State Results Collation Centres.   “Yiaga Africa's Watching the Vote observation revealed critical challenges in the commencement of polls ranging from the late arrival of officials and delayed opening of polls to the shortage of election materials in some polling units. The late arrival of polling unit officials was exacerbated by the late deployment of the polling officials and election materials from the Registration Areas Centres (RACS) on election morning. In addition, as noted in our pre-election statement, voters who were migrated to new polling units by INEC experienced some difficulties locating their respective polling units. “On the eve of the election, Yiaga Africa also received reports of attacks in some communities in four(4) local government areas (LGA); Shiroro, Mariga, Magama and Raffi in Niger state, with Raffi LGA being the most hit. INEC relocated the polling units in the affected communities to a safer location to ensure voting continued.  Yiaga Africa's findings are based on reports received from 1416 of the 1,507 sampled polling units and processed at 12:45 pm on election day. Additional information and updates will be provided subsequently. “Late Arrival of INEC officials and delayed commencement of polls: In the polling units observed, Yiaga Africa observers noted the late arrival of INEC Officials at the polling unit. Our findings reveal INEC officials arrived at the polling units by 7:30 am in only 27% of polling units,” the report added.