Kayode who made this known in statement issued on Saturday, alleged that Emefiele had put the entire country in a perillous and precarious situation.  A former member of the House of Representatives’ Committees on Justice and human rights, Kayode Oladele, has stated that the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr. Godwin Emefiele has allowed his personal, political interests to conflict with his duties and responsibilities.
Kayode who made this known in statement issued on Saturday, alleged that Emefiele had put the entire country in a perillous and precarious situation.
He accused Emefiele of violating the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Act, the Code of Conduct for Public Officers  in the Fifth Schedule to the 1999  Constitution (as amended) as well as the Code of Conduct Bureau and Tribunal Act respectively by not only failing to  devote the whole of  his time to the service of the bank and engaging in activities that conflict with or distract him from his full time duties as the CBN Governor.
According to Oladele who is also a human rights lawyer, by throwing himself in the political arena, Emefiele had mucky the waters for himself and tainted the policy with political implications.
He said; “The issue then becomes for instance, whether the Chairmen of similar independence agencies such as the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) , Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC)  and Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC)  can be card carrying members of political parties and run for political offices while in office without compromising their independence and official duties and responsibilities .
"Section 14 of the Code of Conduct Bureau and Tribunal Act, Cap C 15 Vol. II, Revised LFN 2004 provides that “a public officer shall not be a member of, or belong to, or take part in any society, a membership of which is incompatible with the functions or dignity of his office.
"There is also an identical provision in Paragraphs 1 and 10 respectively, of the Code of Conduct for Public Officers in Part 1 of the Fifth Schedule to the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999). 
"Let’s call a spade a spade, the Governor of CBN has not devoted the whole of his time to the service of the bank in this past year and this has affected the smooth implementation of the Naira redesign policy which ought to have been done at the time he was campaigning around the country and spending the tax payers time and resources to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari as President of the country. The whole world is watching us with shock and consternation but they wouldn’t talk because this is our internal affair,” Oladele said. 
“He has allowed his personal interest to conflict with his duties and responsibilities. This is why he has put the entire country in these perillous and precarious situations," he added.