This is stated in a circular released by the Rivers State sports commissioner, Barr Chris Green, who explained that the decision was taken because of their discovery that the PDP is in alliance with some members of the All Progressives Congress in the state. The Rivers State Government has withdrawn the approval it earlier granted to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to use the Adokiye Amiesimaka Stadium for its presidential rally. This is stated in a circular released by the Rivers State sports commissioner, Barr Chris Green, who explained that the decision was taken because of their discovery that the PDP is in alliance with some members of the All Progressives Congress in the state. The statement reads: “Refer to our letter reference no. MOS/C/409/5.49/T/15 of 11th January, 2023 approving the use of the Adokiye Amiesimaka Stadium for your Presidential Campaign Rally scheduled to hold on the 11th day of February, 2023. “Credible intelligence available to the Government of Rivers State and recent developments now show that your Presidential Campaign Organization is working in collaboration and in-cohoots with a faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State led by Tonye Patrick Cole and that it is the intention of your Presidential Campaign Organization to accommodate and share the approved facility for your campaign with the said faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC). “Government records show that the activities of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State have always been marred by violence due largely to irreconcilable internal conflicts within the party including shootings and killings in the course of protests arising from the nomination process of delegates for primaries (Sahara Reporters, May 18, 2022) and detonation of explosives in the course of Campaigns (Explosion rocks APC Campaign in Rivers - Thisdaylive.com, 20 January, 2023), see also Punch Newspaper of 26 May, 2022. “The Rivers state Government is unable to risk damage to or destruction of the very valuable and priced asset, the Adokiye Amiesimaka Stadium which your use of the same in collaboration with your Tonye Patrick Cole APC faction will definitely expose it to.  “In the circumstance, the Rivers State Government has come to the painful but inevitable decision to withdraw the approval earlier given to you for the use of the stadium and the said approval is hereby withdrawn.  “Accept the assurances of our esteemed regards,” the statement added. The decision of the state government may be connected with the political differences between Atiku and Wike. The state governor, Nyesom Wike and the presidential candidate of the PDP, Atiku Abubakar have been at loggerheads since the party held its primary election last May. After losing to Atiku, Wike alleged that there was a gang-up against him and accused the National Chairman of the party, Iyorchia Ayu of being involved in the conspiracy to ensure he did not win. Wike and four other PDP governors later known as G-5 or Integrity Group asked Ayu to step down for southerner, saying it is not fair for the party’s presidential candidate and the national chairman to have hailed from the northern region. Atiku is from Northeast Nigeria while Ayu is from North Central. Wike has relentlessly questioned the integrity of Atiku and Ayu. According to the governor, the next Nigerian president should be from the southern region, where he is from because the incumbent, President Muhammadu Buhari is also from the north. Since the return of democracy in Nigeria on May 29, 1999, the choice of who becomes president has alternated between the northern and the southern regions.