The updated advisory issued on Monday listed Do Not Travel to areas in Nigeria to include Borno, Yobe, Kogi, and Adamawa states due to terrorism and kidnapping.  The US government has reissued an updated travel advisory, warning its nationals against travelling to Nigeria, especially some states in the Northern and South-South regions of the country over terrorism, kidnappings, civil unrest and maritime crime.  The updated advisory issued on Monday listed Do Not Travel to areas in Nigeria to include Borno, Yobe, Kogi, and Adamawa states due to terrorism and kidnapping.  Others are Bauchi, Gombe, Kaduna, Kano, Katsina and Zamfara states due to kidnapping. Also, the advisory warned the US nationals to stay off coastal areas of Akwa Ibom, Bayelsa, Cross River, Delta, and Rivers states (with the exception of Port Harcourt) due to crime, kidnapping and maritime crime.  "Reconsider travel to Nigeria due to crime, terrorism, civil unrest, kidnapping, and maritime crime. Some areas have increased risk.  "U.S. Embassy Abuja is only able to provide emergency assistance to U.S. citizens in Abuja. U.S. Consulate in Lagos is providing all routine and emergency services to U.S. citizens in Nigeria. U.S. citizens in Nigeria who require assistance should contact LagosACS@state.gov or +234 1 460 3410," part of the advisory read.  The US government stated, "Violent crime such as armed robbery, assault, carjacking, kidnapping, hostage taking, banditry and rape is common throughout the country.  "Kidnappings for ransom occur frequently, often targeting dual national citizens who have returned to Nigeria for a visit, as well as U.S. citizens with perceived wealth. Kidnapping gangs have also stopped victims on interstate roads.  "Terrorists continue plotting and carrying out attacks in Nigeria. Terrorists may attack with little or no warning, targeting shopping centers, malls, markets, hotels, places of worship, restaurants, bars, schools, government installations, transportation hubs, and other places where crowds gather. Terrorists are known to work with local gangs to expand their reach.  "There is civil unrest and low-level armed militancy in parts of Southern Nigeria, especially in the Niger Delta region. Armed criminality, including kidnapping and maritime crime, is also pervasive in this region.  "Violence can flare up between communities of farmers and herders in rural areas. There is frequent maritime crime in the Gulf of Guinea.  "The U.S. government has limited ability to provide emergency services to U.S. citizens in many areas of Nigeria due to security conditions."  The U.S. government warned that any of its nationals who decide to travel to Nigeria must carry proper identification, including a U.S. passport with a current Nigerian visa.  "Use caution when walking or driving at night: keep a low profile; review travel routes and times to vary your predictability; do not physically resist any robbery attempt; be extra vigilant when visiting banks or ATMs.  "Monitor local media for breaking events and be prepared to adjust your plans; be aware of your surroundings. Stay alert in locations frequented by Westerners; avoid demonstrations and large political gatherings; review your personal security plans.  "Have evacuation plans that do not rely on U.S. government assistance; establish a “proof of life” protocol with your loved ones, so that if you are taken hostage, your loved ones know specific questions (and answers) to ask the hostage-takers to be sure that you are alive (and to rule out a hoax).  "Enroll in the Smart Traveler Enrollment Program (STEP) to receive alerts and make it easier to locate you in an emergency; obtain comprehensive medical insurance that includes medical evacuation; follow the Department of State on Facebook and Twitter; review the Country Security Report for Nigeria.  "Prepare a contingency plan for emergency situations. Review the Traveler’s Checklist. Visit the CDC page for the latest Travel Health Information related to your travel."  The US re-emphasised that Borno, Yobe, Kogi, and Northern Adamawa states fall under its Level 4 Do Not Travel states in Nigeria.  According to the advisory, the security situation in these states is fluid and unpredictable due to widespread terrorist activity, inter-communal violence, and kidnapping. Security operations to counter these threats may occur without warning.  It stated that terrorist groups based in the Northeast routinely target humanitarian camps, security forces, churches, schools, mosques, government installations, educational institutions, entertainment venues, and road travellers.  "Approximately two million Nigerians have been displaced as a result of the violence in Northeast Nigeria,” the advisory said.  It also stated that Bauchi, Gombe, Kaduna, Kano, Katsina, and Zamfara states fall under its Level 4 Do Not Travel (higher risk) areas as the security situation in these states is also fluid and unpredictable due to widespread inter-communal violence and armed criminality, especially kidnapping and roadside banditry.  "Security operations to counter these threats may occur without warning.  "Coastal areas of Akwa Ibom, Bayelsa, Cross River, Delta, and Rivers states (with the exception of Port Harcourt) – Level 4: Do Not Travel  "Crime is rampant throughout Southern Nigeria, and there is a heightened risk of kidnapping and maritime crime, especially in the Gulf of Guinea. Violent civil unrest and armed militancy persist in these areas."