The majority of the deaths (38) occurred in Kano, while Lagos suffered two casualties.  No fewer than 40 Nigerians have reportedly died as the country recorded 216 diphtheria cases. This was confirmed by Bola Lawal, lead of diphtheria/pertussis technical working group, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (NCDC), who added that the confirmed cases were reported in Kano (211), Yobe (two), Lagos (two), and Osun (two). According to Lawal, the majority of the deaths (38) occurred in Kano, while Lagos suffered two casualties. He stated that the agency was assisting with response efforts in Kano, Lagos, Yobe, Osun, Yobe, and Katsina. In addition, he stated that of the 216 confirmed cases, 27 were fully vaccinated, 84 were unvaccinated, and 20 were partially vaccinated. “Kano State recorded 396 suspected cases with 211 confirmed cases. Yobe state has recorded 78 suspected cases with two confirmed cases. Katsina has 34 suspected cases but no confirmed case yet. Lagos has recorded 14 suspected cases and two confirmed cases. Osun has one confirmed case so far,” Mr Lawal revealed. “We have also recorded 40 deaths with a case fatality rate of 18.5 per cent. Of the 216 confirmed cases, 184 (85.2 per cent) were aged two to 14 years from both sexes.” Diphtheria is a serious infection caused by strains of bacteria called Corynebacterium diphtheriae that make toxins. It can lead to difficulty breathing, heart rhythm problems, and even death. CDC recommends vaccines for infants, children, teens, and adults to prevent diphtheria. The official explained that there was low immunisation for the prevalent vaccine, poor surveillance, and limited laboratory capacity to properly diagnose the disease, and that the agency was supporting increased efforts to conduct routine immunisations among children under the age of two, particularly in Kano. In addition, he stated that there has been harmonisation of surveillance and laboratory data from different states and laboratories, as well as sensitization and training of clinical and surveillance officers on the presentation, prevention, and surveillance of diphtheria in states where rapid response teams have been deployed. Meanwhile, NCDC director-general Ifedayo Adetifa stressed that “surveillance is everybody’s responsibility.” “If you see something suspicious, report it to your local government, report to NCDC, and then they can investigate,” Adetifa explained.