 A civic organisation under the umbrella of the Center for Social and Economic Rights (CSER) has petitioned the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, over an action of the Central Bank of Nigeria.  The group asked the justice minister to file a contempt of court suit against the apex bank and commercial banks for disobeying the Supreme Court ruling on the naira swap deadline.  The Centre in the petition signed by its Executive Director, Nelson Ekujumi, described the CBN’s insistence on February 10 deadline for the naira swap as flagrant disobedience to a lawful court order which amounts to contempt of court and an assault on Nigeria’s democracy and constitution.  The Centre noted that while the Supreme Court in its ruling on Wednesday, February 8, 2023, directed all parties in a suit by the Zamfara, Kaduna and Kogi state governments to maintain the status quo and quashed the deadline till the determination of the case which was adjourned to February 15, 2023, the apex bank and commercial banks across the country disobeyed the court order.  “Sir, we were very glad to read in the media of your pledge as the nation's number 1 law officer, to abide by the ruling of the Supreme Court, even when you made it known that the federal government was going to approach the apex court at the next adjourned date to seek an upturning of the order.  “However, Sir, we were shocked when our attention was drawn to a memo dated 13th February 2023 from a commercial bank to its branches and other cash points affiliated to the bank, directing the non-acceptance of the old naira notes in utter contravention of the ruling of the Supreme Court which subsists till the 15th of February 2023.  “Surprisingly, from reports monitored across the country, we can confidently report that most of the commercial banks in the country are refusing to accept the old naira notes as a medium of exchange in contravention of the laws of our land.  “We also have it on good authority that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) irresponsibly and in utter disregard for our democracy and constitution, passed the information surreptitiously to the commercial banks to disobey a subsisting court ruling which represents the law of the land that you swore on oath to uphold at all times.  “Attorney general and minister of justice, we don't want to bore you with the implications of this disregard to the laws of the land by this subversive action of the Central Bank of Nigeria and commercial banks, but we must warn that this assault of our laws by the CBN and the commercial banks, is an invitation to anarchy which is condemnable and must be addressed appropriately,” part of the petition read.  The Centre asked Malami, as the “chief law officer of the federation”, to “file for contempt of court against the CBN and its accomplices before the apex court tomorrow for their flagrant disobedience of a lawful court order”.  “We are also demanding that you immediately rein in the CBN and its conspirator commercial banks to upturn their anti-democratic and unconstitutional action of rejecting the old naira notes in disobedience to the court ruling pending the final determination of the suit.  “As democrats, one of the guiding and cherished principles of democracy is the respect for the rule of law which this ruling symbolizes and must not be allowed to be trampled upon by any person, group or institution.  “Sir, we would be very glad to see you publicly address this assault on our constitution and democracy by the CBN and commercial banks who should not be allowed to toy with the destiny of over 200 million people for reasons other than our collective interest,” it said. 