The protesters who gathered near the National Defence College located a few metres away from the International Conference Centre (ICC) on Monday where the collation is taking place, vowed to occupy the centre. As Nigerians and foreign observers continue to express their anger over alleged discrepancies that have characterised the conduct of the 2023 general elections, some aggrieved voters have vowed to storm and occupy the National Collation Centre in Abuja to stop further announcements of results.  The protesters who gathered near the National Defence College located a few metres away from the International Conference Centre (ICC) on Monday where the collation is taking place, vowed to occupy the centre.  According to them, they would not be intimidated by the security operatives stationed around the collation centre.  The group said they have encouraged all other aggrieved and concerned Nigerians across the country to occupy all offices of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in all states until the right thing is done and announcements of results are stopped.  The aggrieved Nigerians who spoke one after the other said they were there to convey the message to the INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, urging him to write his name in gold and announce the cancellation of the election.  They described the election as fraudulent, adding that it cannot stand the test of time.  One of the protesters who identified himself as Big Mo said, "We came here and we have done the press briefing. We send the message to the fraudulent Prof. Mahmood Yakubu and all his team for what is going right here. The fraudulent results they are announcing.  "But today is just a message because as we speak right now our people in Delta are occupying INEC office, our people in Plateau are occupying INEC office, our people in Port Harcourt are occupying INEC office. All over the country from tomorrow if this fraudulent collation is not stopped, the entire young and old people of Nigeria will die here."  They accused the electoral body of lying to Nigerians that the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) would transmit results to the INEC server once the voting had ended.  They expressed disappointment at how the results were "deliberately delayed by the INEC officials to enable them to manipulate and undermine the process in favour of the All Progressives Congress (APC)".          