A group, Total Support for Rule of Law and Justice Initiative, had recently announced that it had utilised the Freedom of Information Act to compel the NYSC to divulge information regarding the certificate Mbah submitted to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).  The Enugu State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Campaign Council has denied that its governorship candidate, Dr. Peter Mbah, slumped at the National Youth Service Corps headquarters in Abuja.
A group, Total Support for Rule of Law and Justice Initiative, had recently announced that it had utilised the Freedom of Information Act to compel the NYSC to divulge information regarding the certificate Mbah submitted to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Sequel to the informations obtained from NYSC, the group approached the Abuja chief magistrate court, Wuse Zone 6, to request Mbah's disqualification for presenting a forged certificate to INEC.
A source on Wednesday had narrated to SaharaReporters how the PDP governorship candidate fainted inside the NYSC headquarters, Abuja, on Tuesday.
He was said to have gone to find out if the corps indeed issued the letter flaunted by the Non-Governmental Organisation regarding his NYSC discharge certificate.
Reacting, PDP in a statement by its Director of Public Communications and Spokesperson Enugu State Campaign Council, Nana Ogbodo said Mbah was healthy.
He wondered why the governorship candidate would “slump over an apparent hatchet job by a purchased syndicate when the culprits should actually be cooling their feet and singing about all they know, including their sponsors, in the custody of law enforcement agencies.”
The statement read, “The Campaign Council of the Enugu State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has scorned the report that its governorship candidate, Dr. Peter Mbah, slumped at the headquarters National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Abuja, over the malicious claim that his NYSC discharge certificate was allegedly forged, describing it as “the height of hallucination by a rudderless and lazy opposition that wants to ascend to power by subterfuge”.
“The Campaign Council wondered why Mbah would slump over an apparent hatchet job by a purchased syndicate when the culprits should actually be cooling their feet and singing about all they know, including their sponsors, in the custody of law enforcement agencies.”
The statement added, “It is ridiculous to claim that our governorship candidate, Dr. Peter Mbah, slumped over a hatchet job by a purchased syndicate to smear, distract, and scuttle our governorship project, which has been overwhelmingly embraced by the people of Enugu State.
“For the umpteenth time, the indolent Enugu opposition should get serious with producing and presenting their manifestoes to the people rather than dwelling on mischiefs and propaganda because an allegation of forgery can never amount to forgery, let alone disqualify Dr. Peter Mbah from the governorship race, which he is miles ahead of the rest to win
“In the meantime, we reassure our supporters that there is nothing to worry about as Dr. Peter Mbah is taking every necessary step within the provisions of the law to ensure that everyone involved in this malicious project is brought to book.”