Justice Mohammed on September 28, 2022, revoked the N100 million bail granted to Nolan, a director in the Process and Industrial Development Limited (P&ID). The Economic and Financial Crimes (EFCC) has been granted its request to continue in absentia, the trial of the Briton, James Nolan, arraigned for a $9.6 billion controversial contract awarded to P&ID after he jumped bail. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Justice Ahmed Mohammed of the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja gave the order on Wednesday following an application by the EFCC’s counsel, Bala Sanga, which was not opposed by Nolan’s lawyer, Peace Ogbonna. Justice Mohammed on September 28, 2022, revoked the N100 million bail granted to Nolan, a director in the Process and Industrial Development Limited (P&ID). It was reported that Justice Mohammed while issuing the order also issued a bench warrant against Nolan, directing that he should be arrested by security agencies, including Interpol, anywhere he is sighted within or outside Nigeria and be produced in court to stand his trial. The judge gave the order following an oral application made by the EFCC counsel, Sanga to the effect. On August 18, 2020, the EFCC arraigned Nolan before Justice Mohammed in a suit marked: FHC/ABJ/CR/143/2020 with Lurgi Consult Limited as the 1st defendant and Nolan as the 2nd defendant in the matter. The Briton, Nolan, who is said to currently be at large, is also standing trial in about eight other cases for his involvement in the $9.6 billion controversial contract awarded to P&ID. The EFCC’s counsel, Sanga, on Wednesday upon resumption of the hearing asked the court for an order to continue the trial in Nolan’s absence in accordance with Section 352(4) of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act, ACJA. He argued that since Nolan was absent in court on September 28, 2022, November 3, 2022, and on Wednesday, making it three consecutive times when he had refused to attend his trial, his plea should be granted. Sanga further argued that the continued delay in the trial would lead to injustice for the prosecution and for the 1st defendant (the company), pointing out that justice delayed is justice denied. When Nolan’s counsel, Ogbonna, did not oppose Sanga’s request, Justice Mohammed granted the EFCC’s prayer to continue Nolan’s trial in his absentia.