The next set of lawmakers for the Senate and House of Representatives for the next four years will also be decided. Nigerians have begun casting their votes at various polling units across the country on Saturday morning to decide who will be the country’s next president. The next set of lawmakers for the Senate and House of Representatives for the next four years will also be decided. There are 18 presidential candidates contesting to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari when he leaves office on May 29, 2023. According to the country’s electoral body, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), voting begins at 8.30 am and ends at 2.30 pm on Saturday. However, SaharaReporters’ correspondents observed that at some various polling units, the electorates were still waiting for the arrival of INEC’s officials and polling materials. At about 8:35 am, at Yola North Luggere Ward in Adamawa State, Northeast Nigeria, voting was yet to start. Also at Ward 9, Unit 34. Ahoyaya, Oyo State, Southwest Nigeria, voters were still waiting for the arrival of INEC officials after the stipulated time. “Waiting for arrival of voting materials at Tukuntawa primary polling unit kano municipal Local government area at 8:30,” a source told SaharaReporters.  In Lagos, Surulere (20), Shitta-Ogunlana (07), PU: 050, INEC officials arrived at 8:34 am while voters were already seated and waiting to start voting. Also at Ibadan North Local Government, Ward 11 NW8, PU: Sultan Bello Hall UI II, in Oyo State, INEC officials were yet to arrive by 8:34am. At Lugu Polling Unit 025 in Sokoto State, Northwest Nigeria, voters complained about the lateness of INEC officials. "We sleep here, we have been queuing since 4am, we are tired, yet no sign of officials nor electioneering materials,” Abdulhadi said.
At 025 Polling Unit, Lugu Area, Wammakko Local Government Area in Sokoto, the atmosphere was tense as voters grew impatient after waiting for the arrival of security personnel, INEC officials and election materials for long. 