A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday fixed March 28, for the hearing of the final forfeiture application of the sum of $5,845,316 and N2,421,953,522, said to belong to the former first lady, Dame Patience Jonathan. Mrs Jonathan’s husband, Goodluck before becoming Nigeria’s president, was Bayelsa State deputy governor, governor, and later Nigeria’s vice president. He became president in 2010 following the death of the late President Umaru Yar’Adua. Justice Tijjani Ringim fixed the date sequel to the argument of the counsel for the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Rotimi Oyedepo (SAN). Oyedepo had moved his motion for final forfeiture of the money to the Nigerian government. Defence counsels, Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN) and Sammie Somiari (SAN) had applied to the court that the case should be adjourned sine die pending the outcome of the appeal. The first and second defendants are La Wari Furniture and Baths Limited, and the former first lady, Patience Jonathan. But in a swift reaction, Oyedepo opposed the application owing to the fact that the Supreme Court had ruled that the final forfeiture application should be had, which is binding on any other court. "My Lord, the only motion ripe for hearing which is binding on my Lord in view of Supreme Court judgement is that of final forfeiture,” he said. Justice Ringim, after taking arguments from counsel, upheld Oyedepo's submissions and directed that motion for final forfeiture would be taken and determined first as canvassed by the EFCC counsel. Thereafter, the judge adjourned the case to March 28, for the hearing of the application for final forfeiture. Justice Cecilia Mojisola Olatoregun, now retired, on April 26, 2017, while granting an ex-parte application for the interim forfeiture of the said sums filed by the EFCC ordered that the said sums warehoused by Skye Bank and Ecobank Nigeria Plc, should be forfeited in the interim. The order was vigorously challenged up to Supreme Court. But the apex court ordered that the lower court should continue with the hearing of the matter. However, upon Justice Olatoregun's retirement, the suit was transferred to Justice (Professor) Chuka Obiozor. But before Justice Obiozor could preside over the matter, he was transferred to another jurisdiction of the court, consequently, the matter was inherited by Justice Ringim.  