Speaking during an interview Wednesday with Zain Asher on CNN, Israel alleged that Obi was accused of drug trafficking. The youth leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Dayo Israel, has said that the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi and his Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) counterpart, Atiku Abubakar, have worst character issues than Bola Tinubu of the APC.  Speaking during an interview Wednesday with Zain Asher on CNN, Israel alleged that Obi was accused of drug trafficking. He said a woman whom he could not give her identity had confessed that Obi was behind an undisclosed drug trafficking ring.  The APC youth leader while fielding questions on corruption and drug trafficking allegations against Tinubu said, "The other candidates have the worst issues. For example, the candidate of the Labour Party is said to have been involved in drug trafficking.  "A woman was alleged to have confessed that he was behind the traffic ring or that there was violence against young people, I think in Anambra State when he was the governor, that led to a lot of young people being abused with police brutality in Anambra.  "Or the fact that the former Vice President of Nigeria is alleged not to be able to enter America except under special conditions paid for with consultants and lobby groups and all of that.”  Israel also claimed that Tinubu is the only presidential candidate who has visited all the 36 states of the federation to campaign as a sign that he is healthy and strong. He said, "When people choose to speak about the negative, Nigerians are excited about the opportunities that Bola administration brings, and talking about his health, in this election, the only candidate who has been across the 36 states strongly campaigning massively, some states six times, some states three times, four times, engaging the people in town hall meetings, rallies and other various activities is Bola Ahmed Tinubu." https://twitter.com/ZainAsher/status/1628510045901029376?s=20   