Describing the vicious attacks and killings of opposition political party members as reprehensible and condemnable, the pro-Biafra group said it is despicable that such atrocities are happening in All Progressives Congress (APC)-governed states. The Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) has decried the increasing attacks and killings targeted on opposition political parties members in Ebonyi and Imo states. Describing the vicious attacks and killings of opposition political party members as reprehensible and condemnable, the pro-Biafra group said it is despicable that such atrocities are happening in All Progressives Congress (APC)-governed states. "These attacks and killings must stop now," MASSOB warned governments of Ebonyi and Imo states, in statement issued on Thursday by its National Director of Information, Edeson Samuel. According to MASSOB, the intimidations, harassments and killings of the citizens of their respective states because of their political differences can no longer be tolerated. The statement partly read, "It’s very unfortunate that anarchy, insecurity and lack of respect for the rule of law are wearing caps so badly in these states as a result of "Adolfus Hitler" like lordship in their respective states. "The Governors of Ebonyi and Imo states have forgotten that in less than six months and fourteen months respectively, their political tenures shall elapse and they will be dragged to international criminal court of justice over the heinous crimes, they committed against humanity and citizens of their respective states." The pro-Biafra group queried why the Governors of Ebonyi, David Umahi and Imo, Hope Uzodinma must kill their own people because they wanted to remain in power. "MASSOB wishes to make it clear that any politician in Igbo land who kills our people will be banished after he may have gone out of office. "MASSOB observed that the governments of Ebonyi and Imo states are using their killer squad, named Ebube-Agu Security Outfit after the candidates of the Labour Party, the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). "It is very unfortunate that the security agents in Ebonyi and Imo states cannot protect the innocent citizens of these states, while none of these criminals used to perpetrate the crimes had been arrested because they are working for their state governments," the statement partly read.  