In a ceremony held in Lagos, Southwest Nigeria, on Tuesday, the governorship candidate of Boot Party, Olawale Oluwo, disclosed that he had to shelve his ambition to support the Labour Party presidential candidate to win Saturday's presidential poll for the greater interest of Nigeria and Nigerians. Ahead of Saturday's presidential and National Assembly elections, the Boot Party has formed an alliance with the Labour Party in the presidential and governorship elections.  In a ceremony held in Lagos, Southwest Nigeria, on Tuesday, the governorship candidate of Boot Party, Olawale Oluwo, disclosed that he had to shelve his ambition to support the Labour Party presidential candidate to win Saturday's presidential poll for the greater interest of Nigeria and Nigerians.  The alliance of his party with Labour Party, according to Oluwo, was facilitated by Pa Ayo Adebanjo, leader of the Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere.  SaharaReporters earlier reported that Adebanjo had been rooting for Peter Obi of the Labour Party to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari, insisting that it is justice, equity and inclusiveness for a southeasterner or an Igbo person to be Nigeria’s next president. He described it as important for the survival of Nigeria as a country after the polls.  In attendance during the alliance ceremony was Mrs Akerele Bucknor, the former Deputy Governor of Lagos State when Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, was the governor of the state.  The party also adopted the governorship candidate of Labour Party in Lagos State, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour, as its candidate while the state House of Assembly candidates will be harmonised.  Speaking on the collaboration, Rhodes-Vivour, said the party will focus on empowering the residents of Lagos.  "We want people to be productive and want the people to earn a living wage," he said.  On his part, Oluwo urged the people of Lagos to come out en mass to vote, assuring them of protection against intimidation or attack.