Garba Shehu, dismissed the insinuation, adding that when lies were repeated often enough, they became the truth.  The presidency has assured Nigerians that 2023 general elections will hold as scheduled, dismissing the insinuations that the scarcity of naira notes was a ground for interim government. It noted that the days of unelected Nigerian leaders, and those who outstayed their welcome by unconstitutionally extending it, had gone, and gone for good. SaharaReporters earlier reported that Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State had on Thursday night, alleged that the scarcity of naira notes was a part of the plots to disrupt the forthcoming elections in order to ensure the emergence of an interim government. El-Rufai, who spoke during a state broadcast, claimed that the current cash scarcity and petrol price hike was not unconnected with the efforts to ensure that the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, loses the election. Reacting to Governor El-Rufai's claim, in statement issued on Friday Senior Special Assistant on Media to the President, Garba Shehu, dismissed the insinuation, adding that when lies were repeated often enough, they became the truth. Titled: "Stop the joke about interim government, elections will hold," Shehu said though there was a problem following the way the currency swap has gone but the way to go is not to panic, adding that nobody would pretend that it doesn’t exist. The presidential spokesman insisted that the naira swap was never “engineered” to keep the President in office beyond May 29, as the doubters and the speculators and the untruth-tellers have been insinuating. He said, "Let us clearly, specifically and emphatically state that there is absolutely no truth to the claim that President Muhammadu Buhari is working towards an interim government or even worse, the truncation of democracy- democracy that he has helped to keep alive not only here at home, in West Africa but throughout the continent. "The talk of interim government and truncation of democracy is way off the mark. Those who peddle it stand to gain nothing- nothing at all -but the creation of panic & the incitement of the public against the federal government. "It is another dangerous dimension by people who are afraid that they may lose their elections. Everybody is aware that there is a lot of pressure on everyone-all of us - the party, its elected officials, its candidates and law enforcement agencies following the way the currency swap has gone but the way to go is not to panic. "There is indeed a problem and nobody will pretend that it doesn’t exist." Shehu further stated that because President Buhari was concerned with the situations in the country and attended consequences that he opened several avenues for consultation with leaders and groups across the country, which he said led to his broadcast to the nation on Thursday morning. "In line with the speech, his clear and unequivocal directive is that the problem of cash supply must be addressed without delay. "While this is being done, there is no need to panic. We need to work together as leaders; as a people and as one nation. When panic hits, people go into overdrive. Shouting helps no one because no one can listen. "The solution to the problem is not in sending Nigerians into confusion. Elections, just a week ahead, will hold and Nigerians will vote for the All Progressives Congress, APC, (and any others if they so wish) on the basis of their choice. "Our people want progress, good governance, law and order and will not be swayed by the negative energy that is being expended against a well-meaning currency change."