It would be recalled that a report last night had alleged an endorsement for the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate, Ahmed Bola Tinubu by the students’ body. The leadership of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has denied the purported endorsement of a presidential candidate for the 2023 election.
It would be recalled that a report last night had alleged an endorsement for the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate, Ahmed Bola Tinubu by the students’ body.
In a statement released on Friday, NANS President, Umar Barambu described the report as misinformation. 
Barambu added that students should be careful of political propaganda, adding that he and members of his executive had not endorsed any presidential candidate of any political party.
Students, according to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), make up the largest category of these voters in terms of occupational distribution.
INEC Chairman, Prof Mahmood Yakubu said that 27.8% of registered voters were students, a percentage that translates to over 26 million voters out of about 93.4 million registered voters. 
And, in the latest registration cycle, an astounding 40% of newly registered voters are students.
The statement read, “It has come to our attention that there have been reports circulating on various media platforms, claiming that the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) alongside other students and organisations had endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the upcoming 2023 presidential election.
“We wish to state categorically that these claims are false, baseless, mischievous, unfounded and a handwork of some desperate elements to drag the name and integrity of NANS into their charade to save the face of a cascading candidate.
“We wish to inform Nigerian students and the unsuspecting general public that NANS as a body, has not endorsed any candidate or political party, and will never do so under any guise. NANS is a non-partisan organization that is committed to promoting and protecting the interests of Nigerian students, and ensuring that their voices are heard on issues that affect them.
“We wish to dissociate ourselves from the false claims made by Comrade Smart Edwards  and his acclaimed kangaroo group, The NATIVE Which has no formal association with NANS whatsoever. It is important to note that Comrade Smart Edwards is not a member of NANS and neither his acclaimed group, and therefore does not have the authority to speak on behalf of the organisation.
“We urge the public to disregard any claims of NANS endorsing any political candidate or party. We remain committed to our mandate of promoting the welfare and interests of Nigerian students, and will continue to advocate for their rights and well-being.
“Lastly, we wish to call on media houses to avoid publishing stories that has no basis or genuine source most especially at this critical time of election and also calling on the security agencies to rise to the occasion and ensure that people like Comrade Edwards Smart are made to pay the full price of their desperate act to protect the sanctity of our dear organisation, NANS.”