He said the party is targeting two million from over six million registered voters in the state to win the March 11 gubernatorial election. The Lagos State Governorship Candidate of Action Alliance (AA), Mr Tope Balogun, has said he is eyeing nothing less than two million votes to defeat the ruling All Progressive Congress. The AA flagbearer disclosed that his party was working on a winning strategy to dislodge the ruling All Progressives Congress in the state. He said the party is targeting two million from over six million registered voters in the state to win the March 11 gubernatorial election. Speaking to the News Agency of Nigeria, the IT expert said the APC had not been able to have above one million votes in any of the elections since 1999. Balogun said: “Our victory will be unimaginable because our target number of votes is going to surpass whatever they (the ruling party) have been having in the past. “We are adopting direct-contact approach in our campaign. We will have block votes in different sectors of the society which is going to turn things around. “These voters are prepared, some of them have not been voting before because of apathy occasioned by various philosophies like votes do not count. We are giving them assurances that votes will count. “I believe we (downtrodden) are more than the rich and we believe we can defeat them. “We are going to show them, we are more than them because it is a game of numbers. “I am looking at clinching about two million votes and if I am able to get that, going by what we have been doing, I am going to win.” Balogun stated that he was from the oppressed class of society and was in the race to challenge the status quo, adding that his desire to rescue and liberate Lagos residents motivated him to join the race. He expressed optimism about his campaign strategy, noting that he is not using traditional campaign tactics. “We cannot do it the same way they (ruling party) are doing it and beat them to it. They are veterans, we cannot do the same thing they are doing and win the election. “So, we are strategic, we are using a new method of reaching out to the electorate since the rule is that whoever has the highest number of votes emerges winner. “What I am interested in is getting to the electorate to get the highest number of votes cast. “I have been campaigning and I have my network of people working in the field and we have been getting commitment from voters,” Balogun said.