SaharaReporters had reported on Monday that the communal crisis which had lingered for a long time resonated on Monday when some armed members of Anaku community led by one Mr Nnamdi Maduneke, stormed Omor Community and started shooting indiscriminately, with earlier report putting casualties of the crisis at five. The Anambra State command of the Nigeria Police Force has confirmed that six people were killed on Monday in a communal crisis between Anaku and Omor communities in Ayamelum Local Government Area of Anambra State. SaharaReporters had reported on Monday that the communal crisis which had lingered for a long time resonated on Monday when some armed members of Anaku community led by one Mr Nnamdi Maduneke, stormed Omor Community and started shooting indiscriminately, with earlier report putting casualties of the crisis at five. Confirming the incident to SaharaReporters, the Anambra State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, said six people were killed in the shooting while two others were seriously injured. The police spokesperson said that the State Police Command has launched a manhunt for Maduneke and his cohorts who attacked the rival community with AK-47 rifles. Ikenga said, “Anambra State Police Command is on the manhunt for Mr Nnamdi Maduneke and cohorts, wielding AK-47 rifles in the early hours of yesterday 6/2/2023, according to information received, the suspect and his cohorts without any provocation started indiscriminately in Omar Community, Anyamelum LGA and murdered six persons and inflicted serious injuries on two others. “The joint task force team comprising Police and military was deployed in the area. The presence of these security forces has reinforced the security of life and properties and enhanced the provision of law and order in the area. “Preliminary information reveals that the cause of the incident is a protracted existing communal dispute between the two communities, Omor and Anaku in Anyamelum LGA. “Meanwhile, patrols/operations are still ongoing and the situation is being monitored. Further developments shall be communicated, please.” 