The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Faruk Yahaya, who stated this, also warned criminals and thugs to stay away from and desist from causing infractions in the elections. The Nigerian Army has assured that as the country prepares for the general elections, its personnel would ensure a conducive environment for a free, fair and credible exercise. The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Faruk Yahaya, who stated this, also warned criminals and thugs to stay away from and desist from causing infractions in the elections. Yahaya assured Nigerians of the loyalty of officers and soldiers of the Nigerian army to President Muhammadu Buhari and the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to protect its integrity and ensure a peaceful exercise. He said, “As we move towards the 2023 general elections, I want to assure the nation of the commitment of the Nigerian army along with the other services and our stakeholders, of our preparedness to provide a conducive environment for a free, fair and credible election. “Criminals, thugs, hooligans and miscreants are advised in their own interest, not to interfere with the elections as the law abiding citizens and good people of Nigeria go to the polls to freely exercise their constitutional right to vote.” The COAS gave the warning at the inauguration of 73 new participants of the Army War College Nigeria (AWCN) Course 7/2023 and Inaugural Lecture of the college on Friday in Abuja. He said the college had been able to bridge the training gap in the Nigerian army and pressed confidence that the participant would have been well groomed into the elite league as critical thinkers who would strive to identify challenges and provide plausible strategies and solutions. Advising participants to remain focussed with a view to maximising the benefits of the rich course content of the college, he said, “As new security challenges continue to emerge in our dear nation in the face of concerted efforts to tackle them, I believe that the knowledge gained in the college will equip you with the requisite expertise to plan operations. “The course will also enhance understanding and synergy between the Armed Forces of Nigeria and other security agencies in the conduct of operations. “This actually keys into the vision for Nigeria, which is to have the professional Nigerian army ready to accomplish assigned missions within a joint environment in defence of Nigeria.” 