The deceased is identified as Corporal Saheed and was attached to the 174 Battalion of the Nigerian Army in Odongunyan in Ikorodu. The soldier killed following an altercation with some police officers in Lagos state recently got married, SaharaReporters has gathered. The deceased is identified as Corporal Saheed and was attached to the 174 Battalion of the Nigerian Army in Odongunyan in Ikorodu. SaharaReporters earlier reported how the soldier in question was stabbed to death on Wednesday. Subsequently, his colleagues decided to retaliate, launching an attack on Ogijo Police Station where the mobile police officer allegedly responsible for killing the soldier was stationed. It was gathered that the soldiers burnt patrol vehicles and an armoured tank within the axis. Speaking to SaharaReporters, a relative of the deceased soldier demanded justice for him. He added that the victim got married a few months ago. “He just got married a few months ago. I still spoke with him recently and told him to take care of his wife. It’s just so sad. He was so jovial and caring. He was staying in Gbagada and was loved by many people. The killer police officer must be prosecuted accordingly,” the relative told SaharaReporters. There is a history of clashes between police personnel and soldiers in Nigeria. In 2022, a police officer was beaten to death by soldiers. The soldiers who were all attached to the Army Ordinance Corps of the 81 Division Nigerian Army based in Ojo, descended on two policemen and beat them to a stupor, leading to the death of one of them. The Nigerian Army in 2021 accused police officers of killing and brutalising some of its personnel. In a letter dated November 23, 2021, to all formations and units, the Chief of Army Staff had called on military officers to “forward all recorded incidence of police brutality against personnel of the Nigerian Army.” The letter exclusively obtained by SaharaReporters was signed by Major General J. A. Ataguba titled, ‘Evaluating Incidences Of Police Brutality Against Personnel Of Nigerian Army.’ “The NA is constitutionally tasked to provide aid to civil authorities when called upon. This responsibility has occasioned conducting joint activities with members of the civil and paramilitary organizations. These joint operations with other security agencies particularly the Nigerian Police (NP) create occasions for the police to equate its hierarchy with the NA and this has often led to friction, especially at the lower levels,” the letter had read. “This friction has occasionally led to bodily harm and in some cases death to our troops. This is in spite of the fact that the victims have been identified and established to be serving personnel. “This Dept is therefore conducting an evaluation of these occurrences with a view to establishing the frequency and recommend possible remedial measures to stem the tide. Consequently, all NA corps, formations and establishments are please requested to forward all recorded incidence of police brutality against personnel of the NA. “The report should cover the last 2 years. Returns to reach this NLT 8 December 21 and should be forwarded using enclosed formal.” 