NANS asserted that INEC should be impartial in its dealings and remain neutral, regardless of political affiliations.  The National Association of Nigerian Students, NANS, has called on the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to fulfil its responsibilities and ensure a transparent, fair, and credible election process.  NANS asserted that INEC should be impartial in its dealings and remain neutral, regardless of political affiliations.  It added that Nigerians are closely monitoring INEC’s actions as the forthcoming general elections hold great significance in our nation’s future.  This was disclosed in a statement signed by its National Public Relations Officer, Giwa Temitope, who noted that INEC must not allow itself to be swayed by any political party or individual.  The association urged INEC to safeguard the will of the people and protect the integrity of their votes.  The statement read in part, “Nigerians are closely monitoring INEC’s actions as this election holds great significance in our nation’s future. The people are eager to use this opportunity to bring change and overcome the challenges imposed by the current government.  “INEC must not allow itself to be swayed by any political party or individual. We urge INEC to safeguard the will of the people and protect the integrity of their votes.  “Students who are on campus during the election are facing a unique challenge this time around. Many of these students have registered to vote on their campus, and they need to collect their Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) from the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to exercise their right to vote.  “INEC must make provisions for these students to collect their PVCs, as they are a crucial part of the electorate and their participation in the election is essential for a fair and democratic process.”  “We, as an association, will continue to observe and monitor INEC’s activities. As students make up a large percentage of registered voters, we request INEC make voter ID cards (PVC) readily accessible on university campuses and not restrict student participation,” the statement added.