Sowore disclosed this on his Twitter page on Friday. The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore says Godwin Emefiele, governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has put Nigeria on kegs of gunpowder waiting to explode.  Sowore disclosed this on his Twitter page on Friday.  “I @MBuhari regime doused itself in gasoline, mannequin Buhari/his criminal @cenbank gov. @GodwinIEmefiele has put Nigeria on kegs of gunpowder waiting to explode. The regime has stretched the patience of Nigerians thin. sh*t could hit the fan anytime soon #WeCantContinueLikeThis,” he said. I @MBuhari regime doused itself in gasoline, mannequin Buhari/his criminal @cenbank gov. @GodwinIEmefiele has put Nigeria on kegs of gunpowder waiting to explode. The regime has stretched the patience of Nigerians thin. sh*t could hit the fan anytime soon #WeCantContinueLikeThis — Omoyele Sowore (@YeleSowore) February 17, 2023  Angry youths have taken over major Nigerian cities as tension continues to grow over the scarcity of the newly redesigned N200, N500, and N1,000 currency notes.  In October 2022, Emefiele announced the plan of the apex bank to redesign the N200, N500, and N1,000 notes, and asked Nigerians to deposit their old notes before January 31, 2023, when they would cease to be legal tender.  Although the deadline was extended to February 10, many Nigerians have found it difficult to obtain the new naira notes. On Thursday, President Muhammadu Buhari gave a directive limiting the legal tender status of old notes to only N200, but that does not seem to have alleviated the hardship faced by Nigerians regarding the policy. Before the cash shortage, Nigerians were dealing with months-long petrol scarcity across the country with the product now being sold for as high as N400 per litre in some states as against about N175.  Faced with cash and petrol scarcity, Nigerians have taken to the streets in some states to protest against the hardship and their experiences in queues at petrol stations and banks.