The anti-thuggery unit on Thursday reportedly fired gunshots at Lawal's convoy which had his wife on board.  The convoy of Zamfara State governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dauda Lawal has narrowly escaped an alleged assassination attempt. He was allegedly attacked by the Zamfara State-backed anti-thuggery committee. The anti-thuggery unit on Thursday reportedly fired gunshots at Lawal's convoy which had his wife on board. The incident occurred at about 11 pm local time. The state chapter of the PDP has secured a court order restraining the anti-thuggery unit from taking part in any form of activity in the state. In a press conference on Friday in Gusau, the state capital, Lawal accused Governor Bello Matawalle of playing dirty politics. He said, "It is a matter of record that last night the Zamfara State-backed anti-thuggery committee ambushed my entourage; the reason for this press conference was to address a horrific and disturbing incident in Gusau, Zamfara State. "At around 11:30 pm on Thursday, 23/2/2023, my motorcade conveying my wife and her entourage was ambushed by a state-sponsored militia disguised as Anti-Thuggery Committee armed to the teeth with guns and other fatal weapons besides A. A Rano filling station, off Sani Abacha way, solely aimed to assassinate me for political reasons. "During the attack, two of my police security escorts, an inspector, a sergeant, and five other civilians were shot and are currently receiving treatment for gunshot injuries at Federal Medical Center Gusau. "If you recall, just over a month ago, the same anti-Thuggery committee stormed the Gusau motor park in Gestapo style and killed two innocent civilians, including a little kid, for political reasons. Any sensible person should condemn this barbarism and do-or-die politics employed by the Matawalle-led administration in the strongest terms. "I call on the Inspector General (IG) of Police and the Zamfara State commissioner of police to look into the illegal activities of the Zamfara Anti thuggery committee that bear illicit firearms to destabilize the frail security of the State on the eve of the presidential elections. "I implore the IG and all other law enforcement agencies to conduct a proper and holistic investigation of this matter and prosecute whoever is found responsible for this attack on innocent persons, regardless of his status or position in government. "This cowardly act is an apparent attempt at political assassination targeted at my person for political reasons, which is unacceptable. "I call on the general public, our party supporters, and well-wishers to be law abiding and remain vigilant against those who are hellbent on retaining power at all costs. The blood of any civilian is not worth my political ambition. "I will pursue this matter using all lawful means to its conclusion." 