They were passing through Anambra when their vehicle was intercepted at Total junction in Ihiala by unidentified armed men in a white Toyota Hilux. Operatives of the Nigeria Police Force, Anambra State command, on Tuesday foiled an attempt by gunmen to kidnap at least 15 National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) members at Ihiala Local Government Area of the state. It was learnt that the corps members who had just completed their three-week orientation programme in Imo State, were travelling to Lagos State when they were abducted at a filling station. "They were passing through Anambra when their vehicle was intercepted at Total junction in Ihiala by unidentified armed men in a white Toyota Hilux. “The gunmen hijacked their vehicle and diverted it to Isseke, Ihiala-Orlu expressway where they kept them (corps members) hostage,” a source said. The Anambra State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, who confirmed the incident in a statement, said the corps members had been released through the efforts of police operatives. He said, “Anambra State Police Operatives, by 11:15 am today (Tuesday) 14/2/2023, responding to a distress call along Isseke, Ihiala road, rescued unhurt 15 abducted Corps members from NYSC Orientation Camp, Eziama-Obaire, Nkwerre, LGA, Imo State. “Information reveals that the corps members finished their three weeks of orientation programs today (Tuesday) and were en route to Lagos before their vehicle was intercepted at total junction Ihiala by yet-to-be-identified armed men in an unmarked white Toyota Hilux. “Their (corps members) vehicle was diverted to Isseke, Ihiala-Orlu expressway where the gunmen kept them hostage. The armed men noticed they were being followed by police operatives abandoned the corpers and zoomed off with the Toyota Hiace bus with Reg Nos: EPE 353 YE conveying the corpers. "The corps members had been debriefed by police operatives and necessary arrangements had been perfected to convey them back to their destinations," PPRO added.