Mr Ilemona’s car was destroyed and his life was threatened by the thugs reportedly loyal to the ruling All Progressives Congress candidate. A youth leader of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Ilemona Ogwu has been reportedly attacked by hoodlums allegedly hired by the Chairman of Olamaboro Local Government Area, Friday Adejoh on Saturday during the general election.  Mr Ilemona’s car was destroyed and his life was threatened by the thugs reportedly loyal to the ruling All Progressives Congress candidate. PDP members claimed that they have credible evidence to refute Friday Adejoh's claim that he was the victim of an alleged attack. Their statement reads: “Given the repeated assurances by President Muhammadu Buhari, INEC and heads of security agencies, especially the Nigeria Police Force on ensuring the integrity of the 2023 elections and safety of Nigerians, no one had the slightest inkling that some politicians in Imane, Olamaboro LGA of Kogi state would visit terror on innocent citizens. “While voting was still ongoing earlier today, the Chairman of Olamaboro LGA Friday Adejoh known as Pexy recruited his thugs to attack a popular and influential PDP youth leader in the community, in the person of Mr. Ilemona Ogwu for reasons best known to Pexy and his thugs. “Pexy didn't just stop at destroying the young man's car, but openly threatened to kill him should APC lose the election in the LGA. “We are not new to Pexy's crude and dirty politics which has earned him the infamous and shameful title of a glorified APC thug who does the bidding of his paymasters in Lokoja. “We've taken all the necessary steps required of us to ensure the safety, protection and general well-being of Ilemona, including alerting our contacts in the Force HQs in Abuja as well as the Department of State Services.   “We have documentary evidence of how Pexy chased after Ilemona and damaged his vehicle, only to run to town with a false narrative that Ilemona had imported political thugs into Imane to disrupt elections. “This is a lie from the pit of hell. Pexy is scared of the crushing defeat that awaits his party in the ongoing election. We have reached out to prominent Imane sons and daughters to keep them abreast of Pexy's threat to kill Ilemona should the APC record defeat in Olamaboro, especially Imane which is the largest district in the LGA. “As we speak, we've not heard from Ilemona, as his lines have remained unreachable since Pexy attacked him in Imane earlier today.” “Pexy, if you've succeeded in silencing young men in Imane from pursuing their individual political interests through fetish and other crude means, we can assure you that Ilemona's case would be a hard nut for you to crack,” the statement added. 