This was stated in a statement addressed to Professor Akintoye, alleging that he planned to taint his reputation and that of his former deputy, Wale Adeniran. Maxwell Adeleye, former Communications Manager for the ex-leader of the apex body of Yoruba self-determination struggle, Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, Prof Banji Akintoye, has accused the latter of blackmailing him for rejecting his proposal to leave the group. This was stated in a statement addressed to Professor Akintoye, alleging that he planned to taint his reputation and that of his former deputy, Wale Adeniran. Adeleye’s statement further alleged that Professor Akintoye was using the crisis happening in the group to pursue personal interest. The statement reads: “For the record, you tried to make me and Professor Wale Adeniran co-operate with you to dump Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, we refused. “And for refusing your proposal, you unleashed BLACKMAILERS against us. You brought to yourself those you once described before us as disasters and disgraceful. You brought to yourself a man who once told you he would see to the destruction of Ilana Omo Oodua. They actually thought they had your support against us, not knowing you were using them to achieve the aim you could not use myself and Professor Wale Adeniran to achieve.”  Earlier on Friday, SaharaReporters reported that Adeniran renounced his membership of the group.  Adeniran also severed ties with Akintoye, saying the latter’s aide accused him of “all imaginable crimes under the sun, the most serious being an allegation of financial impropriety”.  In a statement issued on Friday, Adeniran said he was however not invited to defend himself before any probe panel.  He said with effect from Wednesday, February 1, 2023, he ceased to be a “member and an officer of Ilana Omo Oduduwa,” adding that his decision is “irrevocable and irreversible”.  He, however, added that he remained “firmly committed to the Yoruba Nation struggle for self-determination”.  In January 2023, SaharaReporters reported how Adeniran resigned from the group due to allegations of fraud and embezzlement. Adeniran stated in a two-minute 33-second video posted on YouTube (Omoboriowo media) that he stepped aside to allow the conduct of a thorough investigation into the fraud allegation levelled against him. He challenged anyone who had evidence against him or had sent money to the organisation through him, to come forward and make it public. Adeniran said he resigned his membership from the IOOW with a view to allowing thorough investigation, calling on Yoruba elders to set up a committee in that regard.  