He blamed Nigeria's economic downturn on the COVID-19 pandemic and other challenges, but insisted that his administration had made some modest achievements. President Muhammadu Buhari has pleaded with Nigerians to forgive and endure his administration’s flaws. He assured that the next administration of the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, would not only correct those shortcomings, but would continue from where he (Buhari) left off. Buhari made these remarks on Monday while speaking to a large crowd at Katsina State's Dikko Stadium for the APC's presidential campaign rally. He blamed Nigeria's economic downturn on the COVID-19 pandemic and other challenges, but insisted that his administration had made some modest achievements. He said, “Please in the name of God, be patient with us and forgive us. Tell your friends, brothers, sisters and children to continue to vote for APC, Tinubu will continue from where we stop. “Ensure your votes go to Tinubu for President and Dikko Radda for Governor of Katsina State and to other candidates of the party also.” Meanwhile, Tinubu pointed out that the APC Progressive Governors Forum and Campaign Council contemplated postponing the rally in honour of the 41 Katsina residents killed by terrorists last weekend but went ahead with a strong determination to defeat the terrorists. He said, “We will not be deterred by security threats to our people. We will deal with the terrorists. They are evil and we will defeat them and they will not win. “Whether they derive joy and satisfaction from their wicked acts we are stronger and better than them. Only Allah can heal our pains, the children, widows and the bereaved shall be catered for. Also men in uniform who paid the supreme price shall not be forgotten also.” Governor Aminu Masari described the battle for the presidency as a fight between light represented by Tinubu and the APC and the darkness represented by other candidates. He announced Tinubu's donation of N100million to the families and victims of the 41 Katsina residents killed by terrorists in Bakori.