He added that it should therefore be supported by Nigerians. The chairman of the Socialist Party of Nigerian, Abiodun Bamigboye, also known as Abbey Trotsky has described the manifesto of the presidential candidate of the African Action Congress, Omoyele Sowore, as progressive. He added that it should therefore be supported by Nigerians.  Abiodun, the former SPN governorship candidate in Oyo State, noted this during the DSM Conference on February 18, 2023. He said, "Out of hopelessness, there would be a ray of hope. Omoyele Sowore to us in Democratic Socialist Movement is a ray of hope from the mass of the Nigerian working people in the coming election.” Speaking further, he said comparing Sowore's programme in 2019 that of 2023, there has been a change that suits the taste of the socialist movement.  "AAC manifesto is the political party among the 18 political parties that is going to be on the ballot for election that has declared and described itself as an anti-imperialist party. I am not sure if any other party has come close to that.  "Every candidate must insist that the right to be educated cogitatively should be at the democratic right of Nigerians," he said. Noting that Sowore's manifesto is progressive and should be supported, he said, “Sowore's programs are progressive programs that every right-thinking socialist and Marxist must support. “The crisis in the electricity sector today, all of the candidates have maintained a criminal silence over it. "Sowore is the only candidate that has come out to say if he becomes the president of Nigeria, he is going to reverse the anomalies we have as regards the electricity crisis. He said he is going to reverse the privatization of the power sector.”  Comrade Bamigboye (Trotsky) maintained that the problem of the power sector is never overcentralisation but the lack of democracy in terms of its management and control. According to him, that explains the collapse of NITEL and old NEPA. Most of the individuals who constituted the boards were said to be political appointees of the government of the day and so they were not answerable to the masses.  "The fact that Sowore has come to say that he is reversing that privatization and he is going to probe the process that leads to that privatization itself is a progressive decision that we feel we at DSM should identify with,” he said.  He quoted the AAC presidential candidate as saying “ethnic groups who feel they don't want to be part of Nigeria should be accorded the right to go”. “The right to self-determination would be respected on to the point of secession. He also recognised the fact that most people who are clamoring for separation felt cheated and their interest has been undermined," he said. “If Nigeria today provides jobs for all youth, makes education free and affordable for all Nigerians, all of those agitations for secession will die a natural death.” He said it is on the basis of all of this that the SPN/DSM decided after a long debate, to support Sowore. "We hereby call on people to vote for Sowore because we know that a vote for Sowore will open up an avenue to begin conversation as to what socialism is and how to bring about a socialist government in Nigeria.  “We know that a vote for Sowore will open up a room for working relationships so as to begin to build a platform to resist all the problems that are facing us as a nation. To be able to do that, collective efforts are needed."