This was contained in a press statement released by Olu Agunloye, the National Secretary of the party, stating that the National Chairman of the Social Democratic Party, Alhaji Shehu Musa Gabam had directed all members of the party to vote for Prince Adewole Adebayo, the Presidential Candidate of the Party in the presidential election coming up on the Saturday, 25 February 2023 and to vote SDP in all the elections.
It had been widely reported (not by SaharaReporters) that the party had adopted Peter Obi as its preferred candidate while abandoning its flag bearer. The Social Democratic Party (SDP) has denied endorsing the Labour Party’s presidential candidate, Peter Obi ahead of Saturday's presidential election. This was contained in a press statement released by Olu Agunloye, the National Secretary of the party, stating that the National Chairman of the Social Democratic Party, Alhaji Shehu Musa Gabam had directed all members of the party to vote for Prince Adewole Adebayo, the Presidential Candidate of the Party in the presidential election coming up on the Saturday, 25 February 2023 and to vote SDP in all the elections.
It had been widely reported (not by SaharaReporters) that the party had adopted Peter Obi as its preferred candidate while abandoning its flag bearer. In response, the party’s statement read further: “This is following the reaffirmation of the SDP National Working Committee (NWC) that the Party, (SDP) is not in any alliance with any political party and the NWC has, therefore, formally directed all its members and supporters throughout the country, and all Nigerians in general, to reach out for their PVCs and vote for Prince Adewole Adebayo, the Party's presidential candidate and for all SDP senatorial candidates, all SDP Candidates for the House of Representatives at the elections of Saturday, 25 February 2023 as well as vote for SDP Governorship candidates and all State Assembly candidates nationwide on 11 March 2023. “The National Chairman reiterated the position of the National Working Committee that a vote for SDP is a vote to combat poverty and insecurity with all sincerity and vigour based on principles of social justice. The SDP NWC stands firmly that Nigeria needs a new path and Nigerians yearn for an alternative platform with fresh ideas to heal the ills of the status quo. We believe the SDP is that natural alternative platform. The NWC urges Nigerians to realise the country cannot afford to lead the people who seek liberation back to their oppressors by way of any alliance. “He stressed that the party is not only youths friendly but youths centred and its manifesto is rooted in youth empowerment and women emancipation with a view to usher in peace, progress and prosperity in our country.”
The Chairman added that: "we have made sacrifices and laboured to build the Party, we must stand by the Party and vote for the Party".
He urged Nigerians to eschew vote buying and vote for justice to choose the leader with undoubtedly superior manifesto in order to ultimately feel that they have voted for a credible alternative.