SaharaReporters had reported on January 2, 2023 that suspected arsonists set the couple ablaze shortly after they returned from their church’s crossover service. The police in Ogun State, South-West Nigeria, have said operatives arrested those involved in the killing of a couple and their son on New Year's eve in Abeokuta, Ogun State capital. SaharaReporters had reported on January 2, 2023 that suspected arsonists set the couple ablaze shortly after they returned from their church’s crossover service. The couple, Kehinde Fatinoye and Bukola, worked for the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta (FUNNAB) respectively before their gruesome murder. It had been reported that the couple were killed and burnt in their private residence at Government Reservation Area (GRA), Ibara in Abeokuta.  They were said to have been trailed to their house after the church service. Their son was reportedly abducted before the assailants burnt the house.  However, days after, the corpse of their abducted son was found floating in a river.  A source at the residence of the deceased, who spoke to journalists, said the suspected arsonists reportedly kidnapped the son alongside the home help and threw them into a river along the Adigbe-Obada axis of the town.  The victims were burnt beyond recognition and their remains were packed by policemen and other health officials who later arrived at the scene.  The cousin of the deceased, Ambrose Somide, had while confirming the sad incident, said he could not explain what might be behind the murder.  The spokesperson for the state police command, Abimbola Oyeyemi, had told journalists that one person was arrested shortly after incident, while describing it as an assassination. Oyeyemi revealed that an investigation into the incident was ongoing. However, in short message he posted on his Twitter handle on Thursday, the Command's spokesman announced that all those involved in the assassination of the family had been arrested. He wrote, "All the suspects involved in killing of Fatinoye couple and their son on New Year's eve in Abeokuta have been arrested. Details later.” 