Fani-Kayode had accused the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, of secretly meeting serving military generals in Abuja. The Nigerian Defence Headquarters, Abuja, has refuted a tweet by a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Femi Fani-Kayode, alleging that some senior military officers met with a presidential candidate with the aim of disrupting the general elections and setting the country on fire. Fani-Kayode, who is the Director of Special Projects and New media of the Tinubu/Shettima presidential campaign council had accused the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, of secretly meeting serving military generals in Abuja. In a series of tweets, he claimed the alleged meeting was a coup d’etat. The APC chieftain had posted, “There are reports that @atiku had a secret meeting with serving military Generals in Abuja on Thursday. If true, it is troubling & has implications. What was the purpose? Why would a presidential candidate be having secret meetings with soldiers 14 days before the election? “Is this meeting part of the wider agenda to disrupt the elections, destabilise the country, set us on fire, incite chaos and violence, provoke a coup d’etat?” However, the acting Director, Defence Information, Brigadier General Tukur Gusau in a statement described the claims as false. He added that those who engage in fabricating and spreading unfounded misinformation about the military will henceforth be invited by the appropriate law enforcement agencies to substantiate their claims. The statement read, “The Armed Forces of Nigeria notes with dismay the story being peddled around by some unscrupulous elements alleging that some military officers met with a Presidential candidate with the aim of disrupting the general elections and setting the country on fire. “The wicked and very malicious propaganda indicated that a so-called thursday meeting is plotting a Coup d'etat to establish unconstitutional order. “The Armed Forces of Nigeria is disheartened that even politically exposed persons can denigrate themselves into joining agents of destabilisation and violence in making false claims just to heighten tension in the polity. “It needs to be stated that the Armed Forces of Nigeria is a professional military that is loyal to the constitution of the Federal Republic and will never be part of any evil plot against our democracy. “Besides, the Military remains apolitical and neutral in the current political process and will not engage in the alleged shenanigans. The Armed Forces of Nigeria will never be part of any ignoble plot to truncate our hard-earned democracy. “The Armed Forces of Nigeria hereby warn that those who engage in fabricating and spreading unfounded misinformation will be invited by the appropriate law enforcement agencies to substantiate their claims. “The general public is advised to disregard such information and go about their normal activities. You are please requested to disseminate this information in your medium.”